.@UDelaware President on how to make Obama's idea of tuition-free community college succeed  #WhatsWorking 9 daily habits of great sleepers from via .@CoryBooker explains how the drug war hurts law enforcement How smartphones ruin sleep Absolutely love the work you're doing! Just asked who inspires her and she said because he takes the time to rest and cultivate his inner ess… Love that has a meditation room that anyone can use for quiet reflection or prayer. #GTLS Absolutely love what you're doing! Would love for you to write about it on HuffPost -- email me at arianna@huffingtonpost.com. Another great #WhatsWorking example: provides free intercultural training to develop knowledge of self and others Last year, 22.5% of students said that sleep difficulties affected their academic performance. #GTLS .@TheCenterFSU provides Social Justice Ally Training, helping #FSU community members become agents for social change #GTLS #WhatsWorking "6 days to create the world with 1 day of rest. Did god really need a day off? No, he did it to make a point."… "Working 24/7 and being sleep deprived is the equivalent of arriving to work cognitively drunk." "The key to success is not seeing yourself as a finished product, but as a continous work in progress" - It's time to get back to ourselves, to recharge, to renew #goldentribe "We are using technology to get away from technology." #FoodForThought .@ariannahuff says we aren't allowed to charge our phones next to our beds anymore! You can't recharge! Turn your phone… Last semester, recovered 2,065.455 pounds of surplus food & donated it to people in need in the Tallahassee community #WhatsWorking From 18-year-old to 20-year-old, here are America's youngest legislators "Often healing, often mysterious, always fascinating, dreams can both shape us & show us who we are." .@BarackObama vetoes #KeystoneXL bill, the third veto of his presidency .@SenWarren is loved by progressives. But they're torn on convincing her to run for president. Tickets to my discussion are available at 5:30pm for students & 6:15pm for the public. See you there! Do you think Atticus Finch could survive Congress? Check out my op-ed in for my take A reminder to focus on more than the bottom line from Steve Jobs, born sixty years ago today. #TDIH .@SenRandPaul shares the heartbreaking story of sex trafficking victims, and what he's doing to help 16 ways to create your own happiness at work Research suggests people who have an exuberant attitude also have a lower heart rate and lower levels of stress See you there! Love to hear this! Let me know what you think! Have you found the leader in the mirror? #Thrive 

Preorder Thrive in paperback: How the Obama administration is asking tech companies to help combat #ISIS Are you a sleep procrastinator? Here's how to stop pushing your bedtime back Helene Lerner's Confidence Boot Camp will help you tap into your confidence with daily reflections & exercises Many thanks, excited to be here! Down in sunny Florida to discuss new media and politics at the lecture series. Stop by if you're near! #GTLS Behind LA's dramatic decline in gang violence  #WhatsWorking Tomorrow,! 2/23 the co-founder and editor-in-chief of, will be campus for… Only 14% of engineers in the US are women. Here's how one woman thrives in this male-dominated field According to the latest research, optimistic people are healthier and live longer than pessimists. I asked: Who will have a female president first, the US or France? From our discussion, on the impact of #austerity measures on women "Bravery shows up in everyday life when people have the courage to live their truth" -@Oprah "Accept it, don't feel ashamed, learn from it, and bounce back." on handling failure The importance of sleep in fighting cancer .@Lagarde on why accessible #childcare makes economic sense  via "We want a fair and level playing field." —IMF Chief Christine on women's access to the job market Christine discusses how to make women a more equal part of the workforce  From my interview with on her optimism for #Greece 40% of kids in India drop out of free primary school. Here's how is trying to change that  #WhatsWorking Discussing the report on gender equality, Greece, yoga and cat naps with on Feeling stressed? Have a meaningful conversation 14 things you should know before you start meditating IMF Chief Christine Lagarde discusses how to make women a more equal part of the workforce with .@DrFriedenCDC on #whatsworking in #Haiti after the 2010 disaster .@Lagarde and I are discussing equality for women in the workforce at 11:45am on. Watch here: Failure is a stepping-stone to success .@lauraolin's "Thought Clock" project compiled the musings of anonymous people on the Internet, via This week's Trail to the Chief: Which Bushes are Jeb's secret weapons for 2016? Just finished pinning some of my favorite quotes to my Words of Wisdom board on Bravo! RT “Citizenfour” wins Best Documentary #Oscars .@baaileejaackson The word "ugly" was used 22,600 times tonight between 6-7:30pm. Let's #SpeakBeautiful instead! "It's our time to have wage equality once and for all." -@PattyArquette #Oscars2015 Join me and #SpeakBeautiful .@MALLLLZ Did you know women wrote over 5 million negative Tweets in 2014? Let's change that for 2015 and #SpeakBeautiful I agree. My students are some of the most beautiful girls on the planet, and they don't even realize it! #Spea… Loved with. Only one more week, don't miss it if you are in New York! One tweet can start a trend. Let's #SpeakBeautiful. .@guccikatelyn The world is a more beautiful place because we're all different. Let's #SpeakBeautiful instead! "We're more than just our dresses. We are so happy to be here and talk about the work we've done." -@RWitherspoon on #As… .@daysofuturepain Your friends are right! Let's get positivity trending & #SpeakBeautiful Would love to see it. You can email it to me directly at arianna@huffingtonpost.com .@weirdworld0famy Let's #SpeakBeautiful about ourselves and encourage other women to do the same Everyone else is tweeting their Oscar predictions, so here are ours  #Oscars2015 The Oscars start at 8:30 p.m. ET #themoreyouknow It only takes one positive Tweet to start a trend. Join, & me to #SpeakBeautiful & spread positivity. 'Painting For Peace' picture book helps children cope with recent events in #Ferguson My Sunday roundup Are your frustrating moments at work something you should worry about? We become abundant by giving to others #Thrive You deserve to be happy at work This Monday & will talk women in the workplace. Leave us a video question to be featured on-air htt… A women in business Q&A with Religion's role in the history of ideas 14 things to know before you start meditating "This is a commonsense law and we are lagging behind" VA moves to protect mothers' rights to breastfeed in public  The key to good sleep? A nighttime routine. Discussion with Dawn Nakagawa in advance of the WorldPost conference by the Berggruen Institute The Huffington Post Numbers show Senate women get more done than men The Obama administration urges homeless shelter programs to protect transgender residents I'm discussing women in the workplace with Monday on. Have a question? Leave a video here: .@nytimes Ready when you are, Jon! Greece has reached a deal with its creditors 10 ways to bring positivity into your life @Shariously We're not sure exactly, but she's part spaniel How and are using his tattoos to fight world hunger  #WhatsWorking .@Dove and launch #SpeakBeautiful to change the way we talk about beauty online @Shariously She's a rescue! My beautiful granddoggy, Lucy #LoveYourPetDay Are you chasing your thoughts? "We need to respect sleep. We need to make sure that sleep is part of our culture." #SleeplessinAmerica Are you prepared for these curveball interview questions? 39 hours inside the biggest human migration on Earth  #ChineseNewYear Why you may be having trouble sleeping .@Lagarde and I will be on Monday to discuss women in the workforce. Tweet me your questions and will answer them on-air! Former New York state speaker indicted on federal corruption charges Lessons on sleep, stress and parenting from "the queen of neuroscience" This week in magazine 6 important lessons we can all learn from Oliver Sacks Obama: "We are all in the same boat" in the fight against terrorism Yesterday at Studio taping #BigThink with for the #7daysofgenius Hoshiyar Ali, who has lost both his legs, is still defusing mines in northern Iraq I'm interviewing on Monday about women in the workforce. Have a question? Leave a video here: .@Walmart just gave half a million people a raise. Could you be next? .@HuffPostStyle associate editor brought her grandma to #NYFW. Here's what happened. This Monday & will talk women in the workplace. Leave us a video question to be featured on-air htt… .@ariannahuff's advice on #thriving every day: nap once a day, meditation yoga & breathing classes, "predictable time of… .@ariannahuff is in Toronto this afternoon talking about's "what's working" initiative .@OliverSacks on facing his terminal cancer diagnosis not with despair, but with gratitude for the life he's lived Do you live in one of the 10 happiest states? Would love to! Please mail it to me at 770 Broadway, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10003 "Journalists do have a responsibility, I think, to expose solutions." -@SeanDaganWood Love to hear this, Mary! What constant exposure to negative news is doing to our mental health Receive a signed bookplate and join a Google Hangout w/ me and when you preorder Thrive in paperback #ISIS boasted of these Christians' deaths. Here are the lives they lived. #tbt to the short and reddish hair now mercifully behind me...but still cuddling with my girls! Introducing The... Psychiatric drugs are now being given to infants and toddlers in unprecedented numbers  via Meditation helped me survive an Egyptian jail, says Al Jazeera's To jump start your exercise routine, be mindful At the relaunch of at the, editor  described it as a mixture of timeliness and timelessness With the amazing and my picture w/, who officiated at Nate's wedding last year at the 73 graffiti artists tagged a 'prison-like' school to show that low-income kids deserve the arts too "If you want lighthearted joy in your life, you have to become it yourself" on random acts of kindness Discussing Archimedes, wonder, and the science of Thrive with the one and only for A major victor for transgender veterans This truly "wearable" technology helps keep children with autism safe Mindfulness in the military: Meditation improves resilience of active-duty soldiers Why some Democrats are longing for the Bush years .@ronlieber on saying grace with your children, even if you don't believe in God  #WhatsWorking "We can't slow life down, but we can savor every moment of it." .@PaolaNAndino So sorry I missed you, dear Paola! I hope you enjoy #Thrive! Backstage with and her daughter Violet, who was a model in her mom's beautiful #NYFW15 show Exciting news about's new weekly series, which I'm running and co-hosting. has the details: The super-sweet stopped by and to hang today. Come visit again soon! 🙌😘 Muslim groups respond with love and philanthropy in the face of violence  #WhatsWorking The guide to international expansion  via Stop every now and again and allow yourself to be fully present in the moment and open to life’s mystery. #Thrive .@morningmika on the #KnowYourValue tour that will inspire and empower women at work  #WhatsWorking .@ReimagineLearn's Shruti Sehra on a quiet revolution in education that is underway across America #WhatsWorking .@lindsaygholmes on what we can learn from’s science of stress A new study finds that mindfulness may help you fall (and stay) asleep A friendly reminder that gratitude can do amazing things from and .@DangeRussWilson in my office talking about the importance of mindfulness & his plans for the Why Not You foundation Our Trail to the Chief matched 2016 candidates w/ their Hollywood presidential counterpart  #Scandal #HouseofCards .@sashabronner on how anyone can meditate  #Thrive How to set up your bed for a perfect night’s sleep from via .@brainpicker: Some thoughts on hope, cynicism, and the stories we tell ourselves  #WhatsWorking So excited we’re taking #KnowYourValue on the road! Philly, Orlando, D.C., Boston, and Chicago, I’m coming for you! How one artist is challenging the harsh reality of street harassment in Mexico City  via At new Greek restaurant w/ & her team. Loved the authentic cuisine and warm hospitality! .@Jad_Dayeh on how 'first in, last out' attitudes lead to burnout, unless you challenge the definition of success "This woman donated her kidney to a perfect stranger. Now they're getting married."  via Even 30 minutes make a difference: "How naps do your brain (and body) good"  via A hearty crew of HuffPosters went to see #50ShadesOfGrey on opening night -- watch their reactions  via Our intuition connects us both to our inner selves and to something larger beyond ourselves and our lives. #Thrive "The more you surround yourself with positive messages, positive images, positive people, the better life gets." How one partnership is investing in smallholder farms to empower women and alleviate poverty #whatsworking "It’s not like your soul gets older. It gets wiser." -  via "Our legitimacy as elected officials relies on the integrity of the ballot box."  via Here's the beautiful piece by "Just make happiness as easy as possible." Designing your happiest life, via Happy Valentine's Day! Great #VDay brunch at in Harlem hosted by & who are in NY for the! .@MsJamieBrewer is the first model with Down Syndrome to walk at New York Fashion Week “For small creatures such as we, the vastness is bearable only through love.” - Carl Sagan #HappyValentinesDay Introducing "Introjis," emojis that let your loved ones know you need some space Thanks for supporting during #NationalHeartMonth! via  … The alarming, long-term consequences of workplace stress At the Tech Summit with, who has brought mindfulness and meditation to so many teams If you're only sleeping 6 hours, your cognitive deficit could be equivalent to 2 nights of complete sleep deprivation You can intentionally design a happier life .@Ed_Miliband on young people and the upcoming General Election: "Let's make sure their voice is heard." Relieving stress can be as easy as looking at something beautiful    Among the many gifts David Carr gave us: bracingly honest -- and never sugar-coated -- insights on addiction, recovery and redemption. David Carr on Philip Seymour Hoffman: "He did the best he could with everything that he had.” Could be said of both. With Commissioner Adam Silver, who extended the All Star Break this year to allow athletes to rest and recharge #QOTD: “I wasn’t 100 percent sober” Ruth Bader Ginsburg on attending the SOTU speech “We all walk this earth feeling we are frauds. The trick is to be grateful and hope the caper doesn’t end soon.” - David Carr "When it comes to the defining issues of our future, India will have a seat at the table." -@MikeBloomberg I have some news. I will be joining HuffingtonPost UK as their Executive Editor, Politics after the general election. On my way to the Tech Summit where I'm discussing Thrive & the intersection of mindfulness & sports w #NBAAllStarNYC .@poweredbySAM wants to be the Lego of the Internet The hidden reason why you might be tired all the time  #SleeplessInAmerica Heartbroken about David Carr's death. Great journalist, but more important, great human being. Will miss him. What's love got to do with it? For these politicians, a lot 5 simple ways to meditate for better sleep In my office with, the first person in #recovery to be confirmed as Director of "Listening is one of the most powerful ways to connect." Ruth Bader Ginsburg: Americans wouldn't need "a large adjustment" to welcome legal gay marriage Here's what your office could look like in 2035. Thoughts? Up to 2.5 million Americans likely suffer from chronic fatigue syndrome Happy birthday, Abraham Lincoln! My two lovely daughters. Strangely, they don’t let me dress them anymore. #tbt This former waitress is not the typical corporate executive World of Healthcraft: The Obama administration partners with online gamers to promote Obamacare Leave your phone alone, not your partner! Thank you for introducing me to this! #TheBigTurnOff Joyeux anniversaire,! Editor-in-chief reflects on the past 3 years In London, an empty underground tunnel could become a biker's paradise  #WhatsWorking Obama says his plan to fight ISIS strikes a "necessary balance" How to feel like you have more time, in just 11 seconds I can be reached directly at arianna@huffingtonpost.com Objectivity and balance are not the same thing #AdviceForYoungJournalists Many thanks, dear Maria! Today's meditation class at HuffPost was completely full for guest teacher Paula Throckmorton 6 simple breathing exercises to help you fall asleep faster At the lunch Ron Perelman hosted today for and her doc "A Heartfelt Stand Up" on her 2012 heart attack Embellishments that get you into a war are more important than those several years later #AdviceForYoungJournalists "His regime has amassed large, clandestine stockpiles of chemical weapons.” - Donald Rumsfeld, 2002 (6/6) "We don't want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud." - Condoleezza Rice, 2002 (5/6) "It's a slam-dunk case.” - George Tenet, 2002 (4/6) “We know where [Iraqi WMDs] are.” - Donald Rumsfeld, 2003 (3/6) "There is no doubt that the regime of Saddam Hussein possesses weapons of mass destruction." - General Tommy Franks, 2003 (2/6) Inflated Iraq claim of the day: “My fellow Americans: Major combat operations in Iraq have ended.” - President Bush, 2003 (1/6) This week in magazine Happy birthday,! Thanks for one of my all time favorites, Soak Up the Sun - playing it on repeat all day! The truth is rarely in the middle #AdviceForYoungJournalists "When you know your worth, you no longer feel compelled to prove it." Reinvent "If it bleeds, it leads" and cover what's working, not just what isn't #AdviceForYoungJournalists Many thanks, Patrick! #ARI03 has shipped! Please share your unboxing and unplugging experiences with us and as they arrive at your ho… .@Google's Autocomplete tells us people are ready for the news to move beyond "if it bleeds, it leads." Wouldn’t it be great if Jon Stewart was stepping down to join? #breaktheinternet On this day in 1990, #NelsonMandela was released after serving 27 years in prison. #TDIH new science supports sleeping on the job believes in the power of naps .@MayorofLondon and I settle bragging rights for London cabs v. NYC taxis at the #TechUSUK product demo .@MayorofLondon and participate in a demo by London tech company. #LDNMayorUSA #TechUSUK London Mayor Boris Johnson chats with as he addresses a London business expo. With and as I launch #HQUK ! Find out more Don't buy into the myth that there's a trade-off between high performance at work and taking care of yourself #AdviceForYoungJournalists From Mumbai to London to New York City, startups are creating jobs and changing the world Excited to join & at #techusuk to celebrate the connection btwn the NYC & London tech industries #LDNMayorUSA Was that the sound of champagne corks coming from at the news Jon Stewart is stepping down? W/ Donna Karan wearing #notonemore bracelets, raising awareness to end gun violence, at an event for Japan is considering making vacation mandatory. The US should, too. "...when you are living the life your soul intended, you will experience freedom & bliss you never thought possible." .@reinagattuso on the necessary task of "creating spaces that welcome and empower, not intimidate and coerce" My convo with on the future of positive news and the powerful emotions that drive us to share  #WhatsWorking On this day in 2007, Obama made a move that would change history “I have learned not to worry about love; but to honor its coming with all my heart.” 
― Alice Walker talks productivity of power  study supports sleeping on the job Love that you encourage creativity in the office Beautiful! Move over, #Barbie: in Nigeria, kids embrace dolls that represent them Would be nice to take all the investigating that’s going on about inflated Iraq stories and send it back to 2002. (3/3) As problematic inflated Iraq stories go, Brian Williams is way, way, way down the list. (2/3) Wonder how different history would be if the current media skepticism about inflated Iraq stories had been around in 2002. (1/3) For all of us in the media, offers a welcome perspective on the Brian Williams story: "Enough Already" Touring the office, with no personal desks -- not even for the CEO! What does your work space look like? Protesters were arrested at demonstrations after the 6-month vigil for Michael Brown .@DavidAxelrod describes the no-good, very bad minefield of Obama's early presidency HuffPost editors meeting with and to talk about the power of positivity on Obama confirms death of Islamic State hostage Kayla Mueller The latest #ALLTOGETHER podcast explores religion and vaccines Mental and physical exercise can keep the brain fit and help it recover capacities lost to disease and trauma The science-backed reason schools should start later  #SleeplessInAmerica "I will not forget my sisters. We cannot forget them." -@MalalaFund Can you guess how much sleep CEO gets each night? .@TheNormanLear on Brian Williams: "he's a human first...imperfections come with each of us in that territory." Supreme Court refuses to stop gay marriages in Alabama Help the scholarship fund inspired by Vidal Chastanet and become the most-backed Indiegogo campaign ever Each of the 2016 candidate's PACs has a name more ridiculous than the last  #TrailtotheChief Inside the #KochBrothers campaign to reform criminal justice .@NewTechCity's Bored and Brilliant project helps you #unplug and tap into your creativity I am honored to announce my confirmation as Director of. #RecoveryWorks Michael Botticelli was just confirmed as the Director of National Drug Control Policy on #RecoveryWorks Former #Greek Minister of Labor Tassos Giannitsis calls for balance and understanding between Greece and Europe Meditation protects the brain from signs of aging, study finds Excited to announce we're partnering w to bring HuffPost Down Under w our newest international edition .@BarackObama says rape is "not okay -- and it has to stop" in #Grammys message .@SenGillibrand: Every other industrialized nation has paid leave... Why not us? Don’t let these sleep stealers wreck your slumber How to meditate during the workday Unplugging for 30 minutes before bed can make all the difference “We’re not born happy, but we can actively engage in activities that make us feel good.” .@HuffPostUK launches, giving young people a platform to have their voices heard  .@NatJWare on happiness and the expectation gap "Authentic love does not devalue another human being. Authentic love does not silence, shame or abuse." 7 ways to take back your sleep Many thanks! It's official: millennials are the most stressed-out generation Just finished a new board on with my favorite pictures, quotes, and discussions from #WEF15 People who have self-compassion are happier, more optimistic and more grateful Don't forget the importance of being at ease with yourself Fmr center-right MP and president of the 2004 Athens Olympic games supports Greece's new PM: "Give Greece a Chance"! Democrats aren't sure what they're going to do about Bibi Is social media making us all the same? State senators want to make it easier to legislate behind closed doors My Sunday roundup "It is struggle that teaches us how to be ourselves. For the truth is that only you..can climb your mountain" A sneak peek of my next box -- and I made a custom bracelet to remind you to #lookup Here are 10 things more important than being liked from via Well-being in the workplace has really arrived now that is making fun of it! With Christina and Isabella at a beautiful weekend meditation retreat in winter wonderland Connecticut. The federal government is ready to crack down on failing drug courts Obama's national security strategy lists #climatechange among the "top strategic risks" to the U.S. "Never be limited by other people's limited imaginations." -Dr. Mae Jemison #BlackHistoryMonth Despite a Super Bowl loss just two days prior, went right back to weekly visits at My next box #ARI03 will include a great reminder to #sleepyourwaytothetop. Sign up here 5 innovative ways environmentalists are working to save the earth  #WhatsWorking Thank you, Devan Many thanks, Luis! Introducing's newest editorial initiative, What's Working, going beyond "if it bleeds, it leads" .@HuffingtonPost is doubling down on its coverage of what's working in the world. Tune in to at 5:50pm EST to learn more! Spending the weekend at a meditation retreat with my two daughters. How are you unwinding this weekend? A new law in Japan would combat workaholism, requiring employees to take days off So excited for our conference on the future of work, March 5-6 in London. Want to join our waitlist? "We all struggle to make it through life. Remember that. Have empathy for others." -@BrendonBurchard .@TomBrokaw to: Brian Williams' future "is up to Brian and NBC News" Madam C.E.O., get me a coffee: and on women doing ‘office housework’ From Brooklyn to the White House: Vidal Chastanet and go to Washington How art, nature and spirituality reduce inflammation and prevent disease Looking to make your life more joyful? Go slower. Many thanks, Alka! My next box #ARI03 will include a great reminder to #sleepyourwaytothetop. Sign up here "When my Indian mom divorced my dad, she became an outcast. It also saved her life." via .@thebteamhq asks to push for a goal of #Zeroby2050 in next week's advance #COP21 negotiations .@thebteamhq call upon world leaders to commit to a goal of net-zero GHG emissions by 2050 at #COP21  #ZeroBy2050 HuffPost investigates heroin addiction treatment in America in the latest issue of Ruth Bader Ginsburg says the campaign field is "being polluted by money" On the Blog: Black history is American history  #BlackHistoryMonth .@MargaretCuomo and Bill Couzens of discuss the steps you can take to reduce your risk of cancer A powerful #BlackHistoryMonth quote sent me. Obama tells #Dreamers he won't back down on #immigration From Instagram and to to. Perfect example of a positive contagion. Creativity connects us to ourselves and to the world. HuffPoster's new book explores the creative mind Are you always in a hurry? You may suffer from 'hurry sickness' Many thanks, Jim! #tbt (aggressive collar edition): Giving the first commencement address at the Archer School for Girls in the 90s How busy global leaders utilize meditation My beloved yoga teacher on making time in your day for yoga. In my next Quarterly box #ARI03 Great post, Leigh! Agreed! .@samsteinhp spoke with on the freedom of life in the minority Unplug and look up with my next box, #ARI03 from. Proceeds benefit How one 13-year-old's words helped raise over $1 million for his Brooklyn school  #HONY Honoring all those touched by cancer today for #WorldCancerDay #BCAStrength According to polls, 93% of Fijians say that they are happy (compared to 63% of Americans). What's their secret? Rosa Parks, when asked why she didn’t give up her bus seat #BlackHistoryMonth .@ariannahuff utilized a simple method to refocus her goals. Super Soul Sunday returns this Sunday at 11a/10c. #Ferguson voters have a historic chance to overhaul their town government Happy birthday, Rosa Parks! #BlackHistoryMonth Find out what's holding you back from happiness and let it go So excited is bringing back the Sing For Hope Pianos project to the parks of New York City this summer Why this company's employees meditate together every morning So wonderful to hear this, dear Nicole. Thinking of you! Excited to announce my next box #ARI03 will include a Up Move to help you prioritize well-being "I had to be transparent. I had to tell the truth. I had to be vulnerable." on true leadership Four simple questions to uncovering happiness .@RWitherspoon on why she started her own production company: women "deserve better" from Hollywood Senate Democrats block DHS funding bill that guts #Dreamer protections From: New global effort to protect journalists takes shape .@TheJeffBridges shares his go-to trick for falling asleep .@Harvard President Drew Faust's take on a meaningful life My #OpportunityMoment: being elected president of the Cambridge Union. What's your #OpportunityMoment? How will you create one for others? #HarperLee's new book: a gift to literature and especially a gift to the genre of second novel jokes on twitter How one NYPD officer went to jail for using a chokehold -- and why that's unlikely to happen in the Eric Garner case Getting unstuck from creative burnout Andrew Sullivan and the importance of self-criticism Research shows mindfulness could cut down on the spread of hospital-acquired infections What do you think of the idea of "antiwork"? Why that 'Like A Girl' Super Bowl ad was so groundbreaking Speaking of jobs & infrastructure: “Why a $1 Trillion D.C. Spending Spree Is Just What America Needs”  -David Dayen .@Benioff: "The most effective way to create shareholder value is to serve the interests of all stakeholders" Snowy slowmo... #snowmo? The secret to relieving stress and clearing your mind is surprisingly simple Have you tried writing meditation? Instead of setting a word limit, set a time limit and write whatever comes to mind Are you on the edge of burnout? You can accomplish more by committing to less (and you can complete a project by dropping it)  Sexism: the original sin of the Church  via #ALLTOGETHER The more you smile, the more effective you are at breaking the brain’s natural tendency to negativity How to overcome distraction, seize the 'meta-moment' and do the right thing This is your brain on multitasking The has updated its recommendations for how much sleep you really need. Are you getting enough? Meet 15 women over 50 redefining success in 2015   via Trail to the Chief: How the GOP field stacks up after Mitt Romney's escape from 2016 For mindful Seahawks, a thriving nontraditional football culture Even I know enough about football to realize that was a crazy ending. (I think). #Superbowl Best use of erectile dysfunction in a car ad ever. #Superbowl #commercials #fiat Lots of heart tugging going on in these commercials — my heart is now over-inflated! #Superbowl #commercials Okay, did not see the avocado ad coming. #Superbowl #commercials Okay, so far we’ve had M. Ali, JFK, Kim Kardashian and puppies. Who’s winning? #Superbowl #commercials .@Seahawks incorporate mental conditioning into practice through meditation and yoga #SB49   via Tom Brady explains why he goes to sleep at 8:30 #SB49 "If you get there by doing what you want to be doing and it makes you happy, then I consider you to be successful." Phil Jackson has made mindfulness training mandatory for Knicks - "You've got to be able to come back to your center" When in Rome (or Madison Square Garden)... #knicksvslakers Thank you for the great seats! Wish we could see you play today #knicksvslakers Getting ready to go to the big game today. Who should I root for, Knicks or Lakers? #wrongtickets Do you give yourself permission to have a bad day? via "Listen; there's a hell of a good universe next door: let's go." -e.e. cummings An interview with the artist behind the "What Silicon Valley Thinks of Women" cover Thanks,! Kudos to and for giving us an incredible platform to share our tho… Seeing a battle of my hometowns — Lakers vs. Knicks — today. Who should I root for? Hope balls are properly inflated. "Long live the altruistic revolution." Matthieu Ricard The 6 best ways to beat the winter blues, via The power of visualization What’s the most recent positive news story — one that made you feel more positive — that you shared with a friend? Attending the sporting event of the year Sunday — Lakers vs. Knicks, of course. Anything else going on that day? Does your member of Congress have policies protecting LGBT staffers from discrimination? asked: Wishing a speedy recovery from surgery. So sorry I'll miss you at the game this Sunday! We know that people share good news more than bad. So what’s your favorite positive news story of the week? College-aged daughters, tattoos, and two fluffy white dogs -- a week in the life of "Tiger Mom" Try this 8-minute guided meditation for better sleep tonight "We rarely hear the inward music, but we're all dancing to it nevertheless." -Rumi .@jonathanchait We can't fire him -- not an employee. But would consider hiring him when out of office as a associate ed. Senate Democrats tell Obama to be bold in raising wages "compassion and rationality are not effete markers of weakness, but signs of civilization" -@NickKristof on empathy Great story to tell grandkids: where you were and what you were doing when you heard Mitt Romney was going to have a conference call. States with the most gun deaths have high gun ownership and weak gun laws, report shows Could a more flexible work culture solve our sleep problems?  This 15-minute morning yoga routine wakes you up better than coffee Senate approves Keystone bill, and White House reaffirms veto threat "I am saturated in digital life and I want to return to the actual world again" on his blogging retirement  .@huffpost50 Sr. Editor says turning 65 is a process best shared with friends Does your member of Congress offer paid maternity and paternity leave? We asked: .@DHSgov Secretary urges Congress to stop using his agency's budget as a 'political football' in #immigration debate 4 simple things to improve your mental wellness via Why we should teach our kids good sleeping habits as soon as possible .@BarackObama blogs for HuffPost: "We have to choose what we want the future to look like" "There is no such thing as failure. Failure is just life trying to move us in another direction." -@Oprah Many thanks, Garrick! "Tightrope is a great example of mindfulness..Someone not focusing enough? They wobble and fall off" -@andy_headspace Check out's comprehensive look at the State of News Streaming.
gets top billing; I say stuff. I *can't* stop reading' latest. In line at the store. On the bus. On a train, in a box, with a fox… #tbt to a photoshoot where I played various Greek gods. Here, Dionysus. Taiwanese parents now legally required to restrict their children's technology use Obama wants to end the era of sequestration Happy, happy birthday, dear! Thank you for helping us all live our best lives. Happy to have your voice on HuffPost, Andrea! Trying to find the best work schedule? Try matching it to your circadian rhythms Excited to join in reshaping the financial services industry Why Cuban artists are the hope for normalization  #90Miles .@HuffPostUK editor on dropping the #FOMO and embracing the #JOMO Many thanks! America is failing its heroin addicts: a HuffPost investigation Happy to have your voice on HuffPost, David! People share how mental illness has affected their lives in the Stronger Together series  #BellLet… It's amazing how great you feel after a full night's sleep! .@TheJeffBridges is releasing ‘Sleeping Tapes,’ a new album designed to help you fall asleep These states are actually considering ways to make voting more convenient Sad farewell to, but a break is well deserved. Hope you’ll be back after you recharge. "Stay close to anything that makes you glad you are alive." -Hafiz Many thanks, Emily Thank you! Thank you! Thank you, dear Jasmine Many thanks, Jennifer Highlights of the EY Purpose-led Transformation panel in Davos inc. and We would love to have your voice on HuffPost! Email me directly at arianna@huffingtonpost.com Many thanks for reaching out, David. Please email me directly at arianna@huffingtonpost.com. Syrian President Assad is in the spotlight as a potential U.S. ally against ISIS .@RepTimRyan on abortion "we must trust women and families—not politicians—to make the best decision for their lives” From: Kenji Goto's reporting is a voice of humanity in times of atrocity  via What to do when you're dwelling on a problem Need more reasons to get enough sleep tonight? It helps keep your immune system & heart healthy  via New Greek Prime Minister Tsipras pushes on with radical change Vogue's Sally Singer meditates 15 minutes every day Honored to be one of the Power Women this year at #Davos Our European editions collaborated to explore personal stories behind Europe's youth unemployment The first step to making real change in your life "We know from experience that nations are more successful when their women are successful" -Obama, to Indian students  From: On nearly every measure of civic engagement beyond voting, women are hugely behind .@NBerggruen and I look back on a year of Wonderful to meet you as well, Amod Great piece, Kevin Many thanks, Sean Learning to say "no" can have a powerful effect on your well-being  7 little reminders that the best things in life are free Slowing down for a more mindful life Here are 7 ways to wake up happier via A reminder from Ralph Waldo Emerson to stay present in each day .@AmyKlobuchar &: Bipartisan action is needed to crack down on US child sex trafficking  #NoSuchThing .@JacqEHoward on why empowering women and girls is key to ending poverty .@CindyMcCain and: There's #NoSuchThing as a child prostitute Many thanks, Priyanka! We would love to have you blog for HuffPost India -- email me at arianna@huffingtonpost.com Workplace stress is responsible for up to $190 billion in annual U.S. heathcare costs Breathing and controlling your breath is one of the easiest ways to improve mental and physical health 11 things empty nesters want parents of little kids to know I hope you enjoy my latest post. Have a happy and healthy week.  Goddesses  via Happy birthday to who perfectly summed up meditation: like rebooting your computer when it's going crazy--and then it's okay! .@thesleepdoctor explains what's in a dream The view from 9th and Broadway #BlizzardOf2015 5 things joyful people do differently The latest #ALLTOGETHER podcast from explores civil conversation with So happy to hear this! Many thanks, Meredith -- can't wait! Thank you for naming Thrive your book of the week. I hope everyone will unplug & recharge — right after the show! Who will be VP in 2016? Check out this week's Trail to the Chief for our latest power rankings: @felixbot next year, we'll have to bring nap pods to our cafe! .@io9's breaks down different nap styles. My favorite: the NASA Nap. But today we can add Blizzard Nap. An unusual breathing exercise to help cultivate mindfulness -- the "taco breath" Another decline-of-middle-class piece: the climate change of domestic policy -- we know it, but won’t act on it From snowy Davos to snowy New York. Stay safe and stay warm! #blizzardof2015 10 minutes of calm. The best way to spend a Monday lunchtime  #RedMonday .@RedMagDaily is holding a 10-minute office-wide meditation today, as part of their first #RedMonday Let’s use the #blizzardof2015 to stay in, look inward and recharge: books, blankets, candlelight, stillness. Learning to embrace struggles  via .@Syriza_gr Deputy Rena Dourou: The Greeks have taken responsibility The #GreekElections results on both and #ekloges2015 Microsoft Exec Reveals 'Wow' Technology The #GreekElections are today! Follow our latest updates and exclusive election coverage on and #ekloges2015 My Sunday roundup Auf wiedersehen to snowy #Davos! On my way to #Zurich to fly back home. The amazing of singing "All These Things That I've Done" at's #wef15 nightcap TaskRabbit founder: Having female role models is "an important thing" #WEF15 Wonderful to meet with the inspiring at #wef15, organized by my fabulous former Chief of Staff Hire women who have paused their career to have children. Just watch how talented and hungry they are: #wef15 Three ways to be a more resilient leader This simple practice could help reduce stress, increase focus and make you more kind  #WEF15 If you invest in a woman you invest in everyone else. She is the centre of the family: Melinda French Gates #wef15 @thirdmetric love this! Thanks to we'll #thrive on the #wef15 #purposejourney in #Davos via #bulletproofcoffee and h… Out today; Cake, an amazing movie w/ an unforgettable performance by Jennifer Aniston that puts flesh and blood on mental health & addiction At dinner announcing “What’s Working” our global push to cover positive stories too often overlooked #ICYMI: I spoke with & about income inequality & other issues impacting people globally. .@katiecouric and I know #Davos is really one big excuse to wear snow boots. #wef15 The Most Powerful Women present at #WEF15 pose for a photo together #WomenFastForward At Davos, French president sets climate change at center stage  #WEF15 .@OmidyarNetwork's on making wealth worth more for social impact  #wef15 The gorgeous view outside the@HuffingtonPost Cafe in #Davos #wef15 How impoverished, illiterate women can become entrepreneurs  #WEF15 Plan B for #Davos -- and the world  #wef15 Why you shouldn't be afraid of a "robot revolution"  #wef15 Lovely post, Siddharth In #Davos, #TrueCar CEO shares the future of car buying w/. It's #goingmobile. #wef15 "The most effective way to combat speech you don't like is with speech." — Peter Salovey  #WEF15 Proud of 90 Miles Series for helping give voice to independent journalism in #Cuba Davos 2015: Best pictures from day three  #wef15 Don't miss our recap of #ReimagineMkts in #Davos. Thanks again for your insights. Sheryl Sandberg sat down w/ on to discuss gender in the workplace & speaking while female: So happy to hear this! Getting enough sleep is so important to wellbeing. "Mindfulness has migrated from spiritual retreat centers to medical facilities." This simple practice could help reduce stress, increase focus and make you more kind  #WEF15 Need a primer on the upcoming Greek elections? Here's a short video, complete with bouzouki soundtrack Happiness is more of a skill than something you're born with, says prof Richard Davidson  #wef15 When we see ourselves from space we see the unity and not the division: Stephen Hawking #wef15 #SDGs If you give kids responsibility, 9 times out of 10 they'll pull through - #iamwill #wef15 .@AnneFinucane sharing how temporary childhood hearing loss affected her perspective on life Gates Annual Letter's big 2030 health goals: how do we get them done? Many thanks, Jenna! We would love to have your voice on HuffPost -- if interested, you can email me at arianna@huffingtonpost.com Enjoyed a refreshing debate about #Purpose at #WEF15 with, Paul Polman, Antony Jenkins & Irene Rosenfeld h… .@JohnKerry: Measures of growing GDP will only matter if they translate into greater opportunity for those currently den… Facebook's: Sleeping more has "made a huge difference"  #wef15 I’m speaking with today on at 10:30am ET:  #WEF15 This simple practice could help reduce stress, increase focus and make you more kind #WEF15 We agree with Prime Minister Löfven, gender equality is a win for everyone. #HeForShe #WEF15 We have a single mission: to protect the planet and hand it to the next generation - #wef15 .@sherylsandberg on - her 2015 resolution is to meditate 10 minutes a day  #wef15 To protect our economy, we must protect our environment. It's not just common sense, it's business sense Sheryl Sandberg: "It's still hard to speak in a professional setting as a woman" #WEF15 17 quotes on the future of technology from Davos 2015  #wef15 #futureweb "The key challenge for business is how do we get more purpose-driven leaders?" Bill George of #wef15 At bfast w & from staying in a #Davos Airbnb w its own funicular! This morning at #wef15, we're talking about the #digital economy at a BCG-hosted breakfast: With Gordon Brown at the reception for LSE, where I never finished my PhD #wef15 Why giving back should be a core part of all companies' DNA  #wef15 Not yet, but we'd love to have you as a blogger! Email me at arianna@huffingtonpost.com. Moderating the #ReimagineMkts panel on how #impinv brings truly positive returns to businesses #wef15 #snowmanselfie with before the's #Action2015 dinner. The amazing annual letter from and opens up new worlds of possibility for poverty reduction "It's a ridiculous economic decision not to empower women"  #wef15 We love having your voice on HuffPost! At our #wef15 cafe we're hosting w/ w/ everyone from to. & #bulletproofcoffee! With our new policy writer and senior editor on our way up the #Davos funicular. #wef15 What does it mean to join? Ask your questions here:  #WEF #WEF15 #DAVOS So wonderful to see you, dear Matthieu! Everyone can post, everyone can share & that gives voice to people who, historically, did not have it. - #… We would love to have your voice on HuffPost -- email me at arianna@huffingtonpost.com #Philanthropy is now central to the Davos experience, reflecting changing Zeitgeist LSE@Davos Yes the planet got destroyed. But for a beautiful moment in time we created a lot of shareholder value. #wef15 #tbt to our launch party at #wef14. A year later baby WorldPost already speaks 10+ languages! #impinv session w. most commonly mentioned word so far: #gratitude. yes! #w… Many thanks, Valerie -- loved the discussion this morning! How and are working together to fight for global justice with the #ActionButton  #WEF15 .@melindagates joins at 2:20pm EST to discuss the's Annual Letter for 2015 On set with and Jordan Hewson, and talking poverty, activism, and #Davos footwear "Millennials are making it clear they want to invest alongside their values" #WEF15 "It's important to teach your children to be alone otherwise, they will be lonely." Prof. Turkle discusses too much … Now @ #WEF15: We’re discussing how markets can advance social impact. Share your vision #ReimagineMkts #WEF's, when I told him he looked recharged & refreshed: "Every morning, I bathe in the blood of my young staffers." LIVE now: German Chancellor Angela Merkel on global responsibilities in a digital age, from #wef15:  #futu… Tell us what new tools & innovations you'll use to advance social impact this year. #WEF15 #ReimagineMkts looking forward to starting the conversation with you on #ReimagineMkts at #Davos2015 later today @richardbranson Many thanks! At #purposejourney breakfast, ppl far from the stage could watch on the screen & soak in the views! #wef15 The question is what did you bring to the world? What did you change? - at #PurposeJourney #WEF15 Mark Weinberger: You can't announce your purpose, it has to be part of your culture. #purposejourney Since Unilever started its #PurposeJourney it's become the 3rd most sought after co on LinkedIn after Google & Apple - Paul… #purposejourney - consider the difference between a resume and a eulogy- 'who says RIP she grew market share by 2%?' With and Irene Rosenfeld before the panel on redefining business #purposejourney #wef15 Mindfulness is the way to "get out of this 24/7 stressed-based world," says Harvard prof Bill George W/ German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen, who started a national conversation about burnout in the workplace Many thanks, Ravi! HuffPost Yo good news alerts are your daily dose of positivity  via .@dgelles on today's Leading Mindfully session, which included a 10-minute guided meditation by  #WEF15 Many thanks, Corina! So happy you're enjoying it. Rosario Perez: gender inequality affects more than just the victims  #wef15 From my Leading Mindfully partner, who’s made such a difference in the business world and beyond. #wef15 .@Change CEO on why more companies are dedicating themselves to social purposes  via #WEF15 If you believe in a Plan B for better business join in these 10 challenges  #WEF15 So happy you could join us A device-free bedroom is a great start! Great to meet you as well! Women can pursue STEM fields and still be mothers, wives on their own terms  #WEF15 Don't miss any of our interviews live from the World Economic Forum in Davos! #wef15 So happy you could make it! Panelist is leading discussion on new metrics in business. Looking forward to hearing her #PurposeJourney tom… Great panel at w/, Bill George & Jon Kabat-Zinn 'Leading Mindfully'. Meditation is expanding on to business … Happy to hear -- it makes such a difference! Great speaking w/ (who meditates with archery) & in the first #FaceToFace convo at #WEF15 How #Davos is urging leaders to look beyond business and ask the big questions.  #WEF15 Why 2015 is a make-or-break year for the global economy  #WEF15 How the future of work may make many of us happier The inaugural event of Future Series, The Future of Work will take place in London, March 5-6! #FutureWork Here's why economic gender equality is so important  #WEF15 The youngest Davos participant is helping save lives with an app Top quotes from the opening of #Davos 2015  #wef15 Twitter and Tumblr leaders ditch phones to combat addiction via W, "happiest man in the world" before my mindful leadership panel w/@jonkabatzinn & #WEF Life is an extraordinary gift of which you must not miss one moment -   #wef15 #equalgrowth @CNBC Loved every minute of it! Enough solar energy reaches the earth in one hour to power the whole earth for a year: #wef15 #climateaction Amazing convo with on the next generation of mindfulness & leadership: meditation & service are critical to clari… (watching from Davos). Not much will happen on climate change until both sides of chamber clap when action is urged. (watching from Davos) "When what you’re doing doesn’t work for fifty years, it’s time to try something new" #SOTU OBAMA: 'I intend to protect a free and open Internet' #SOTU (from Davos). For those keeping score at home, Mars got more bipartisan applause than 10 million getting healthcare. #SOTU (watching from Davos). Obama has just called for SpaceSelfies. #SOTU "to every CEO in America, let me repeat: If you want somebody who’s going to get the job done, hire a veteran" #SOTU Obama: "I am sending this Congress a bold new plan to lower the cost of community college — to zero." #SOTU "If you [Congress] truly believe you could work full-time and support a family on less than $15,000 a year, go try it. " #SOTU "It’s time we stop treating childcare as a side issue, or a women’s issue" #SOTU (watching from Davos) "That's good news people" -Obama to non-clappers. #SOTU Since end of recession:

The private sector ↑ 10,034,000 jobs
The government: ↓ 631,000 jobs

h/t "It is amazing what you can bounce back from when you have to" #SOTU (watching from Davos) Nice that Boehner & Biden coordinated their pink ties. #bipartisanship #SOTU Watching from Davos. All the "table-setting" of SOTU would be fine if table didn't always get put back in closet after. Here's that State of the Union drinking game you're looking for  #SOTU SPOILER ALERT -- Text is out: state of the union is "strong" Trying watch SOTU from Davos. #naturalsleepaid Obama's entire #SOTU address has been posted by to Medium Join us tomorrow for the start of our coverage from DAVOS, discussing global security in the online age Excited to discuss Leading Mindfully w/ & tomorrow - you can watch live @ 2:30pmCET  #WEF15 My conversation w/ (who originally wanted to be a philosopher) on tech and global citizenship at #DLD15 Had the most beautiful drive through Germany, Austria and Liechtenstein and now here in #Davos Great conversation today with and Andrew Sorkin for False! RT Successful people sleep 4 hours a night. True or false?  #leadership What refugee women teach us about resilience What's the future of fatherhood?  #wef15 #gendergap On the #Autobahn on the way from #Munich to #Davos: there’s a winter wonderland outside my window! "The time is always right to do right." - #MLK "I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear.” - #MLK “Limits can be powerful, because they force us to choose, to focus” - Leo Babauta, “In Praise of Limits” This #MLKDay, remembering the wisdom of Dr. King. The official HuffPost global selfie! A service year for the nation's young people would hasten King's vision for America  via Thrilled to be at our office in Munich for a summit with our int’l EICs and editorial directors! Entrepreneurship talk starts with downtime and meditation. Shut down your phone for a day. #dld15 many thanks! :Human beings - even entrepreneurs - need downtime. "It's not a bug it's a feature." #dld15 .@reidhoffman interviewed by: "Loyalty in business needs mutual long term investments." #dld15 incredible, right! many thanks, dear Diane! “We always say at the Huffington Post: When you write something, don’t just post it on your site.” (Post elsewhere, too.) … #hyperlapse from my #dld15 convo with. We share the name #Thrive -- it’s the name of his vc firm! Excited to join #dld15 today for conversations w (10:45am CET) and (11:55am). Watch live: With Ian Osborne &, our partner in, at the #dld15 dinner he hosted at the Residenz Corner Office Confidential: Howard Marks believes the thankful heart is the parent of all virtues In #Munich w/ our global editors at a #dld15 dinner hosted by on the eve of our int’l editors summit Highlight of my trip to Germany. Meeting designer Christian A Beck!! Head of design@Aigner "Miracles are not contrary to nature, but only contrary to what we know about nature." St. Augustine Landed in #Munich where there's an airport meditation room! Joining #DLD15 tomorrow & meeting w/our int'l editors @hblodget Have a good flight! And remember to get some sleep on the plane! Can't wait! RT "Final preparations for #dld15. Looking forward to seeing you all tomorrow! Steffi Czerny: Why the real digital revolution hasn’t happened in the nineties.  #dld15 It's only … Really looking forward to meeting you all at #dld15. Excited to have all international HuffPost editors in chief here in Muni… Global People Team Chair Matt Grentz on's program that is helping employees #thrive in the workplace Happy birthday to Muhammad Ali, who said “Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth.” The relationship between overwork & loss of productivity is consistent regardless of nationality or culture. #Thrive An Onion piece I wish were more true! "Career-Driven Man Beginning To Worry Entire Identity No Longer Tied To Job” Our generous readers donated $60,000 to families in need over the holidays! Hemingway's grandson: My grandfather would've loved the new Cuba decision  #90Miles 15 must-read stories for the weekend Why new leaders can't succeed alone  #work #leadership Interesting report on global gender gap. Looking forward to discussing further at #wef15: The biggest, baddest threat we face over next 10 years: war? Disease? No - access to clean #water  vi… Introducing The College Essay Project. Share your story with. "The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance." Alan Watts Zen Office: How to be Mindful at Work, by on The new issue of is now in the App Store. Download it here: Fmr. ambassador: Obama "hit the ball out of the park" on new Cuba policy
 #90Miles Bill Clinton thinks his granddaughter is "the greatest thing since sliced bread" 2014 was the hottest year on record. Burned out people are burning up the planet. (Cue comments from burnout deniers!) False hustle: How keeping busy is making you less productive  via “America’s Bitter Pill,” by, debuts at No. 7 on NYT hardcover nonfiction list.  review: Travel to the top of London's tallest building, The Shard 3 ways to improve your sleep from via Joy trigger of the year: the adorable Lukas, son of, our Director of Strategic Partnerships .@maxlugavere joined to discuss what young people can do to prevent Alzheimer's On her birthday, PMK writes of six inspirational women in history who have inspired her in her life.  … .@BakngInATornado on: The Whole Truth About Life I Finally Shared With My Grown Sons RT The 2 most powerful words a manager can use Bollywood superstar turns to mental health advocacy after battling depression Ever ridden a mechanical bull?! Editor has and we bet you can't beat his time  ht… Gender inequality, the digital economy and climate change are on the agenda at Davos this year 9 tips for waking up earlier and being more productive  #work 13 reasons cats are basically magic  via .@atmosudridjo on the checklist life My friend just released his amazing book on boldness  #BOLD Malala to world leaders: Which side of history will you be on? You know I love inspirational quotes. What quotes inspire you? I may add them to my Words of Wisdom board Five ways to keep work at the office  by via Actually, a lot of Republicans believe in climate change -- just not the ones in Congress Looking fwd to speaking at Heinz Hall in #Pittsburgh on the brave new world of media! Did you know Pittsburgh has more bridges than Venice? Jimmy Carter: Global women's issues represent the "worst human rights abuse on Earth" .@rblancopoet: There's another embargo that leaders aren't addressing in Cuba  #90Miles Tom Hanks says community college made him who he is today I agree with. Loved! A few words of wisdom can bring me back to center. These quotes remind me what really matters .@WEF's Nico Daswani: Why Bring Artists to #Davos?  via As more teams recognize the power of mindfulness, the are adding a new behavioral health department. When in need of inspiration, I look to my favorite quotes. Revisit them on my Words of Wisdom board. Not everyone's internal clock is set for the 9-to-5.  by via Here's what everyone's going to be talking about at #Davos this year Holding a grudge may actually weigh you down.  via “I almost let my failed startup destroy me.” on burning out, his wakeup call, and reprioritizing well-being Long live long-form! Toasting, &, who just joined our team, at my home in NYC! Cuban dissident artist Tania Bruguera demands transparency in new relations  via #90Miles Part of the: Life tips from the Ph.D. who's discovering how meditation changes your brain Welcoming,, and to HuffPost with an editorial team lunch in my office. Via: Bored ... And Brilliant? A Challenge To Disconnect From Your Phone President Carter telling me about book he's working on (his 29th!) on the things he hasn't said before. Can't wait! Heroin-linked deaths surge 39 percent.  by via President Jimmy Carter joined today to talk about the's amazing work & new exhibit Jim Abbott: No one thought I could play baseball with one arm, but I pitched a no-hitter  #WhatsOneThing .@firaskittaneh shares 8 ways sleep benefits your life via .@EntryLevelRebel: Sitting all day sucks for your mental health too.  via Mindfulness can literally change your brain.  via Marking my calendar now,! The 'Late Show With Stephen Colbert' will premiere Sept. 8. Big win for Wall Street reform advocates as banker Antonio Weiss withdraws his nomination White House Admits It Was Wrong Not To Send Higher Official To Paris March  by via How to slow down shootings in a city plagued by gun violence  by via Obama Asks Congress For Stricter Laws On Data Hacking And Privacy  by via "Give up to grace. The ocean takes care of each wave till it gets to shore." Rumi .@duncanluke_: How can technology help us understand and reduce youth unemployment? Forgetting your iPhone causes “actual separation anxiety.” That would decrease if we just forgot it more often,right? How Zen Meditation changed Steve Jobs' life and sparked a design revolution  by via Help unravel a Gordon Parks Southern mystery.  via Improve your office's productivity by boosting employees' sleep quality  via From of, in light of #CharlieHebdo: How can we not be afraid? Hello, Berenice! Thank you for reaching out. Please DM your email address to me. Loved reading's lessons on mindfulness & unplugging in #thrive this weekend. Must. Stop. Tweeting. Now. htt… Welcome to HuffPost's 2016 Presidential tracker, Trail to the Chief -- 667 more days until we know the next president People work harder for responsible companies.  via .@RonFriedman on why you should be paid to nap .@pauladavislaack shares the 7 habits of resilient employees via So excited to welcome,, and to HuffPost! Excited, honored to join and everybody else at So excited for this new project w/ at. Much more news and a bunch of big stories coming soon. Thrilled to be starting a new long form project with. Much more TK. .@Vidyamala shares how she manages chronic pain with mindfulness The national unity march in Paris today has become the "march of the century" with more than 3.7 million protestors .@gretchenrubin on a fun way to shape the New Year: a 1-word theme  via Alan Alda explains his love of science in this wide-ranging interview with France vows to combat terror with massive rally  #JeSuisCharlie Follow the live blog from for the national unity march National unity march in paris draws world leaders and crowd of thousands Step 10: Make small gestures of kindness a habit this year. #12DaysOfThrive My Sunday roundup Artist Anja Humljan's Urban Yoga project shows you truly can do yoga anywhere "Culture eats strategy for lunch," said Ari Emanuel at the WME Retreat. Here with Ari and Patrick Whitesell. Are you suffering from "hurry sickness" and "time famine"? Start your journey from burnout to #Thrive. What science says about why we dream from Hello Erin! Would love to feature your voice. Please DM me your email address. Thanks for the shout out,! Watch Tiffany's video on how zoning out can help us be more creative Carlos A. Saladrigas: Democracy in Cuba must be homegrown, not midwifed by Washington.  #90Miles A new issue is available in the App Store! Download it here today: I come up with my best ideas while hiking. Some of my favorite trails and others I'd love to explore on How organizations can help avoid corporate burnout in 2015 checking in w/ unemployed people I wrote about in the past 5 years .@EckhartTolle shows us how nature can bring us back to balance .@roidrage: Our unlimited vacation policy fell apart when employees wouldn’t take off, so we’re trying something new Update: Charlie Hebdo suspects have reportedly been killed 62 ways to do less and be more in 2015  via A letter for the people of freedom & resistance from Editorial Director  via Former NATO Supreme Commander Jim Stavridis on how to put Guantanamo Bay to better use Read an exclusive from #Thrive by over on the #ThinkSmarter blog! The best personal assistant in life... your gut feeling. 14 podcasts that will leave you pondering life's big questions  by The U.S.-Cuba deal: A View from Havana (by dissident Miriam Leiva)  #90Miles With Jennifer Rudolph Walsh,, & his son James at WME Retreat after a great speech by Ken on education This old photograph, of my friend Bea Ammidown with my mother in Ojai, Greece, brings back oh so many memories! #TBT MORE: Gunmen identified in #CharlieHebdo attack @CAKEtheMovie Thank you for joining us, dear Marlee! So wonderful to see you. A powerful message from and the team in the wake of today's #CharlieHebdo shooting Huge crowds rally in France in support of Charlie Hebdo Crowds gather in Paris in support of victims of todays #CharlieHebdo shootings #JeSuisCharlie  ht… From Paris,'s on discussing today's tragic attack and the cartoonists we lost .@TheWorldPost coverage of today's tragic shooting at Charlie Hebdo office in Paris With, celebrating another woman with Greek heritage, Jennifer Aniston. What Cubans can teach us about how to be happy Toasting Jennifer Aniston's incredible performance in Cake w/ her fiancé Justin Theroux & at my home The Best Pictures From The First Day Of The 114th Congress Discussing German politics with on More evidence working the night shift is bad for your sleep and health from via At my home in LA celebrating Jennifer Aniston & Cake, an amazing film putting spotlight on mental health & addiction .@TimothyAskew: To truly excel, we must first embrace our flaws. "Imagine what we could hear, learn and share if we were 100 percent present in a conversation." Former U.S. ambassador on what the path forward with Cuba looks like  #90miles These new photos of the "pillars of creation" are absolutely awe-inspiring.  by .@Causecast CEO: For Best Volunteering Results, Add Skills  via Early nights, technology bans and meditation: in search of Arianna Huffington’s ‘third metric’ of success .@HuffPostUK Tech Editor on how to stay human at the world's biggest tech show  #CES2015 Sen. Byron Dorgan: "Our Cuba policy for the past 50-years has been a thoughtless failure"  #90Miles "Yoga isn't just about pretzel shapes & handstands,it's about recognizing & nourishing the light that resides within" .@ArthurDelaneyHP on: Food Stamp Enrollment Expected To Drop By 1 Million Next Year Nearly half of Americans didn’t take a vacation day in 2014.  by via Sleep your way to new year’s resolution success  by via "Aspirations are the gravity of the future; they draw you to it as you build towards them." Judge Lifts Stay On Gay Marriage In Miami-Dade County  by via That's right, Lauren! Wishing you a thriving 2015. Wonderful to hear that! .@hosain on why is moving past "the Internet of Things" to "the Internet of You"  #CES2015 "Greece is on the cusp of a historic change."  via From headphones to wear to bed ( to sleep lamps ( to trackers, sleep is winning #CES2015! Introducing Sophia, a project to collect life lessons from fascinating people Learn to embrace the digital detox.  by via 5 things you should tell yourself before you go to bed  by via How Pico Iyer went from being an “externalist” to learning the value of going nowhere and doing nothing at all: Happy birthday to, who stays energetic at 73 by napping. He told me "I don’t like the feeling of going through my day tired!" Why your own intuition is the most powerful force you have  via RT Rural problems? The solution has been right there all along, a woman. Her journey How Olympic gold medallist Etienne Stott uses meditation to lessen stress  via From: Mario Cuomo, a kid from Queens who became NY Governor .@sherylsandberg's tip to keeping your New Year's resolution? Get a little help from your friends .@SudheenKulkarni on: Modi Should Adopt Bharat Ratna Vajpayee As His Role Model Rarely found today: "Mario Cuomo was notable in trying always to talk up to his audience, not down.” - Let's call off the meeting and get back to work  via How debt-squashed millennials are giving back William M. LeoGrande on the breakthrough with Cuba: how it happened and what happens next  via "Love is a flame that burns everything other than itself." - Adyashanti Five ways your job is ruining your sleep:  via "Want to be happy? Be kind and grateful." - .@AloiaMk on why sleep should be a part of your weight loss program .@annaalmendrala explains the history behind why we make New Year's resolutions  via Happy New Year! 12 steps to thriving in 2015:  via Have you set your intentions for 2015? Let’s redefine success and #Thrive. Happy New Year,! San Francisco Schools Transformed by the Power of Meditation Happy New Year,! What dogs can teach us about sleep  by via Look up! How to learn to be mentally present to succeed:  by via Happy New Year,! Happy New Year,! .@benwallacewells on NYPD and false choice of security vs. freedom. Same is true of our foreign policy. Homelessness is down, but it's only part of the story. of on housing security Love the holiday gift from our new EA Katie -- jewelry with pink Bermuda sand from her hometown! "Take a minute and think the unthinkable: What is my funeral dress?" -  via "Just one-fifth of employees report believing that their workplaces strongly value them"  via We shouldn't be afraid to talk about death. shares 10 steps our culture took forward in 2014 Share your 2014 Obsessions with on!... "For me, peace comes when I ... embrace the beautiful mess that I am." -  via Top Obama Adviser Tackles 2014, 'The Wire,' Vetos, Obamacare And Weed  by via Why wakes up at 2:15 every morning to meditate Bothered by negative thoughts? Throw them out, literally.  by via Is watching football a sin? The latest #AllTogether podcast explores conscience and concussions New research shows mindfulness can help us overcome biases. A post-Christmas miracle! I agree with Charles Koch. We need to work together on criminal justice reform. Charles Koch Wants To Change America's Criminal Justice System  by via Thank you for sharing it with me, Vince! "'The greater the effort, the greater the glory' doesn't necessarily apply when you're freaking out." These space photos from 2014 remind us just how beautiful the universe
can be.  by via Found this great meditation spot in Hawaii A look into the 'double lives' of America's homeless college students by Shadee Ashtari  via Wishing a very happy birthday to my hilarious little baba ghanoush,! Read more from HuffPost's 12 Days of Giving, a series sharing the stories of 12 families in need this holiday season 