Nikola Tesla predicting today back in 1926 This  foreshadowed by when she wrote this My prediction is will make some career defining investments for and will become a partner sooner than later.… Once they want to do large, enterprise-wide deals, they will need to deal with the decision making process that goes with it.  Full page interview with partner of and in today Amazing irish tech story Interest in Spark is overwhelming on Stack Overflow. #StrataHadoop @HaroldHadnott i am a student of Toussaint. If I ever write another book, it will be a breakdown of his leadership techniques that's what makes him so great. He has no boundaries. Any VC whose bucket list ever included “receive the most random s/o in hip hop history” can officially live vicariously … Kanye is my guy!! Wasn't he great in that interview? when in doubt, explain the obvious @kanyewest Yes, that will be tough for to match. asked about Beanie coming to Chelsea Diner w/ a gun to save him from being robbed, talks about Kanye answered a question about Beanie Siegel by mentioning. It's a great and strange world we live in :) if you prefer that title, I will not sue you, but rather I will take it as a compliment. merci beaucoup! @GeraldoRivera No. I also don't think that Rock N' Roll is devil music. #oldcrabbypeople Big step for the wise people - you can now use in the United States! Out with my boys on Allstar weekend:, Don Thompson, and the host with the most Excellent tweetstorm on how to encourage more tech entrepreneurship  via @garyvee right! I've been bumping IYRTITL and reading the Hard things all day #ovo #a16z I ran into my homie, my nizzle at the  Michael Jordan party in New York City. 💯 Great #VDay brunch at in Harlem hosted by & who are in NY for the! #ColumbiaEntrepreneurship Video Vault Hard Thing About Hard Things book launch Intriguing, given the #AppleCar rumors "Where Google, Facebook, and Tesla like to poach from" Impact of quartz on Swiss watches Foursquare has made an update to the app that allows new users to onboard without creating an account "To achieve great things, two things are needed: a plan, and not quite enough time." - Leonard Bernstein Emerging trend: the most indisputable exculpatory evidence today is no longer eyewitness testimony but instead text, chat, & F… Batboy Stanley Burrell aka M.C. Hammer @QtipTheAbstract I will see you there! building a company is hard; reading hard things before bed makes you throw up... good night. My story off the interview today: Obama Defends His Legacy: “Sometimes You Can’t Split The Difference” this is a great piece on the genesis of your relationship with Ken Coleman. Kudos to Ken! #startup Really feeling like the NBA should turn over control of the Slam Dunk Contest to Kanye. Profound appreciation and respect to for  and for  … incredibly touching post. Thx for sharing and empowering others to give zero fucks. Thank you! I appreciate that! No I did not. The author never spoke to me and made it up. I don't stereotype. I could not be more biased, but this post could not be more honest:  by i am glad you liked it!! The natural selection of the market can be ruthless. Quickly changing conditions can kill even very good cos. Find a way to su… Annotation of #VR "Virtual Reality New Creative Medium..."@bhorowitz Really proud to represent the team earlier today on This is some historical stuff on @racheltipograph I appreciate you for that! Thank you and congratulations to the team at!! Moore's law visualized through the evolution of Lara Croft I Had The Great Honor To Sit Between 2 Giants Of Silicon Valley Today-Ken Coleman And Ben Horowitz At… Great tweetstorm by on why he wanted to join Opsware and work with Awesome sales training at by tonight - "I've never lost a deal, I've only ran out of time" - … Respect to Don Thompson for tackling big challenges at McDonalds over last 3 years! Brilliant man & close friend of … @adiezbarroso muchas gracias! Sorry, but texts like this make improving the cyber security debate so hard -- my annotations: Highly perceptive thoughts on state of modern cybersecurity from the radically innovative: Asana's new Android app shows design matters in the business world Worlds collide and @ryanleslie Transferwise has a rather robust compliance function as there are indeed many laws to comply with. I think that Skype was probably our first although we bought that out of eBay. Badass $58m round from for and: EXCELLENT post/reflection by on Transferwise, & $58 mil they just got from I wrote a new post  with an assist from my friend The cover is written in Braille and reads "Four Five Seconds". #Genius Smart take on Bitcoin from WSJ. Ringly A16Z Leads $40M Investment in Stack Exchange Announcing today on my latest blog: The Rise of DevOps...  pumped to be working with R… Looking forward to an amazing fireside chat tomorrow Download the book too! #ScandalABC h… I'm in Silicon Valley today for a fireside chat w/ of. Lots to discuss! Hope to see some of you there! #GLADIATOR State of Mind!  +  + w/ in SV! #boom #BlackTwitter you go boy!!! Stepping up to the good phone! Highlight of my trip to Germany. Meeting designer Christian A Beck!! Head of design@Aigner @cdixon nice use of yolo "Oil is proving a big disappointment. The would-be fuel source is down over 60% in the last year. " Thank you duke of dreams RIP Kim Fowley a unique, fearless & insane artist. I went to the Hollywood school of rock n roll… Genius could be the best tool for networked beat reporting ever. Users annotate articles, illuminate reporting paths. htt… ‘I’m unusual, weird.’ Silicon Valley sage Marc Andreessen has #LunchwiththeFT .@businessinsider has ranked TransferWise as Europe's most innovative finance startup  #fintech Amazing first ad from and Translation for their NBA relationship  Very proud of the first work Translation has done for the NBA celebrating MLK. Very proud great move. Soylent has been absolute game changer for me and my nutrition Great articulation of why is important by my partner My answer to What are the advantages of SparkR over other R-Big Data distributions like distributedR, RHadoop, RHIPE… The content from is getting so good that they may be defining a new model of sustainable, quality journalism: carry-funde… If the second amendment were written today, it would protect the right to bear encryption. Congrats to on their new financing "We don’t hold inventory, we don’t own warehouses, we don’t own trucks" @mattocko I like , but he is not me. Outstanding, inspirational how-to post from on breaking into tech! This podcast is all about the only thing that matters for a new startup. Narrated by "VC Life (By Any Means)"...The VC's theme music, every good VC should have some... Elitist undercurrent in everyone going WTF to leaving New Yorker for (Rap)

Last I checked he's an adult
htt… The single best essay on modern venture capital I have ever read: If you missed it, here's my full response to’s thoughtful tweetstorm on secular stagnation: This annotation of the NYT article on joining Genius is a completely different way to experience a news article: Sometimes I think people who didn't go to a bad public school don't realize how bad bad public schools can be. Damn. raids The New Yorker: Brave new world! We broke down the rule that reversed Dez Bryant's catch in #DALvsGB. Spoiler Alert: It's wacky, but the right call.
htt… Ethics and Morals Tech entrepreneur wants to solve health and beauty issues for minorities We are planning on making a whole series of investments in the selfie stick space. Very interesting comparison of early-stage art representation with angel investing in tech companies. Looking forward to Fireside Chat with on 1/20/15 . #BlackTwitter hit me up if… How to use  to crowdsource corrections.
1. Find the error
2. Annotate it
3. Tweet it The new means we can do distributed fact-checking. Here's how that looks on the page: I can see it moving to intranets as a new kind of collaborative tool. damn. this is actually hella dope just put me on to an amazing potential use of the new, never could have guessed understanding rap lyrics could… Thanks to for improving on "Dragons vs Unicorns"  & correcting The new lets you put  in front of any URL to annotate it: See mom... I told you I don't sell drugs #forbes30under30 . Great way to start the year off... future… Ha thanks  Likkkle yute Anthony Saleh is big in the hood for a week!! Haaaaa. Bless up general! That's awesome! I am glad he enjoyed it. I have a soft spot for dads :-). @Esiewert Keven Kennerly. He is a Shakespearian actor. I did not, but people have since pointed it out :-). best book that I've listened to... ever Pretty cool song on a chilly New Year's Day in NYC.   tweeted by Two authors in one!
- IT relevance declining
 Software has "dominion" I've been listening to this beautiful new song from and all day. Happy New Years! During 2015 Bitcoin will be more transparent ,better regulated and more acceptable as part of the global payment system I am glad that you liked it! If you are interested in the backstory, I annotated chap. 1 on My Favorite #Book of #2014 is The Hard Thing About Hard Things by from  #startups = … @MoniqueWoodard I did not do a lot of sleeping in those days! @fredwilson nor do I. In general, the concept of judging inventors and entrepreneurs for entertainment has no appeal to me. you would have to ask perfectly. I believe Notorious had the exact sentiment in mind when he originally said it. @pmarca it was Biggie and then he was later quoted by Puff. 12/To quote Notorious BIG, "mo money mo problems" -- in this case, mo money, not enough productive places & projects to put it.… Reprise: Spot the logical flaw in Robert Gordon 2002,  cc thanks. I wrote that almost 20 years ago. I feel like you need to hire me as a product manager, so that I can refresh it. The insanely high cost of America's insane incarceration mania: Really great and educational post by Ben has taught me *a lot* of stuff but this is prob the most important. Tristan Walker's inspiring journey to Silicon Valley  via cc… A great part of's audio book is the professional reader rapping lyrics in the style of the artist It wasn't intended to scare anybody. I just tried to tell the truth :-). Among the highlights of my year is the hour I spent talking to. Here's the full story in: Top #10 Jewels for readers on The Hard Things written in Fortune's 20 favorite (biz) books of 2014 (mine, The Hard Thing About Hard Things by) We use at. Lots of cool features & it helps in our data driven mission! Congrats team,,… Time Inc. Partners with Coinbase to Accept Bitcoin - Time Inc., one of the world’s leading media companies,... Los Angeles Police to Wear Body Cameras @CloudFlare it's up from where I sit. I read your book in one go yesterday night. Hype was totally justified - probably the best biz book I have re… Microsoft
Paypal
Dell
Stripe
United Way
NCR
Square
Wikipedia
Wordpress
Braintree
Intuit

Getting quite difficult to dismi… #Timeisillmatic premieres on Showtime, Friday 12/12 at 9pm! Tune in! New post from Did you know the first computer programmer was a woman? Happy 199th birthday Ada Lovelace. Excited to join - fastest growing SaaS company in history. Excited to release Focus Spread today, another benefit of Software Defined Cameras. Buy for your favorite kid, or adult, this holiday season :-). Congrats Parker Conrad and Zenefits at landing as COO like hiring Lebron - Parker you're an a… @StevenEJohnston Those are both great books. Just finished's "The Hard Thing About Hard Things." Best book on management I've read. Should be required r… I am very excited about the great joining the team at !! The markets are the opposite right now -- easy to raise privately and hard to raise publicly. Raiders take the Bay! Ken is a legend & still manages to be generous with his time. Been hugely valuable for us. @pmarca I don't think there were any black people running multi billion dollar corporations in 1863. Great interview with my mentor Ken Coleman @pmarca It's definitive proof that no matter your accomplishments or position, your race impacts how people treat you in the USA Guardian angel of RT Fantastic interview with our partner and Silicon Valley legend Ken Coleman: Powerful post by my friend and Kaiser Permanente CEO thanks for saying that. I feel like we lose so much potential by accidentally/arbitrarily excluding people. We're breaking down Rolling Stone's letter to readers regarding the #UVA rape story. Girls who marry before 18 are more likely to experience violence than their peers who marry later. #costofviolence #16D… Honored that the ILLUM was included on this list. Groundbreakers Only: The 7 Best Digital Cameras 2014 Thanks! I annotated Chapter 1 on if you want the back story: fwiw, independent of the business issues, it seemed like you were outgrowing the platform. Looking forward to what's next! @tnr Good luck with whatever's next! 's debut on Felicia Horowitz – What Could Have Been  CC:… Great variety of ways that many certificate authorities have been subverted over the years:  (h/t… The excuse they used to put Eric Garner in a chokehold? The sale of "untaxed cigarettes". @psygnisfive they are not raising money; they are just kids :-). a great example: Five-O app, built specifically to document police brutality.'s interview with creators: Stanford's Entrepreneurship Corner: Great talk w/ entrepreneur & VC (@a16z) last week we kicked Uber and Lyft out of Utah. This week Zenefits. The good ol boy network is alive and well in the Beehive stat… On this particularly rainy rush hour, Line got me home for $7 - a few bucks more & a lot less stress than waiting for MUN… You cannot make this stuff up -- Utah demanding companies charge customers more, not less: When I talk about regulatory capture causing government to penalize consumers for benefit of incumbents, this is it: If Utah doesn’t like disruptive tech companies, then disruptive tech cos shouldn’t move to Utah. cc: E-Estonia story by & yours truly for listed among "most underreported stories of the year" @pmarca We were trying to figure a URL that people could spell. I thought of a16z. Best start up class lecture so far. How to Manage (look at decisions from different perspectives) by Would all experts who predicted hyperinflation, sky-high interest rates, a weak dollar, & peak oil please report to the Princip… Do low interest rates, caused by QE or otherwise, lead to high stock valuations? Maybe not:  ht… Great interview with  He covers grass fed beef, raising money, diversity, and racism. Basically, our future is one where the hackathon matters more than the popularity contest, and the demo matters more than the … @Zishaan I appreciate that!! I am all about the Yellow Jackets. Berkeley High School baby. Here is the video of me at the Stanford ETL class (different than the class) -- I am all Stanford all day! All the testimony the grand jury heard in the Michael Brown case is here:  via The rarity of a federal grand jury not indicting, visualized @gregorydjohnsen you are being to hard on the Raiders. "You were put here to protect us, but who protects us from you?" - KRS One Wilson's case was in state court not federal court. But still "something has gone horribly wrong” when no indictment. ht… It’s Incredibly Rare For A Grand Jury To Do What Ferguson’s Just Did Help girls in the largest slum in Asia program apps & launch startups #TechnovationDharavi  Another great story from @GirlsGeneration will do! @cdixon i carry mine in my man sized pocket or in my man sized hands It's actually pretty cool that likes #kpop. you will enjoy it! An all time great book! Shout out to the homie! One of the smartest dudes I know. What he's working on is a big deal (@bhorowitz) ht… @ashishkhetan1 you can read the annotated chapter 1 on I think the iPhone 6+ might be the greatest computing device ever created. Shout out to for putting me on. 2/I think that a process gives you an opportunity to manage the inherent systematic biases, whereas a one-off conversation does not 1/ First, I should mention did a nice job explaining himself and how that whole thing happened. 'Iller Ben'...a name play on real life Brooklyn street legend "Killer Ben" from Fort Greene projects... As we launch the 2015 cycle this still resonates! Here is 's blogging debut! Go The Black Jacobins by C.L.R. James Lytro’s Illum light-field camera takes adventure photography to new heights  via @mahbodmoghadam the beef is now squashed. We will release a collaboration album shortly. @danbachiochi you are missing the context. This quote was about the Peter Principal, promotions, etc. It wasn't about disputes @Genius or you friends who you co-founded the company with. 50 minutes was a little too short for that :-). #StanfordEvent Ben Horowitz, co-founder of Andreessen Horowitz, on campus WEDS 11/19 4:30 The Black Jacobins by C.L.R. James is the definitive one. There is a new one coming out of Harvard shortly I'm told. It was called "one management concept." @Genius It's not that I don't like you. It's just a tragedy that you care only about yourself. I wish you only the best. This is real talk. I have never seen this many people of color at a tech event in Silicon Valley. @Genius no worries. He is not a nice person for sure. @msuster he is no longer at. I don't back him. a little less dangerous with reg employees, but I think that a large spot bonus is better for that use case. i withheld salary increases, promotions, and stock options for the entire teams if managers who were out of compliance. it is, bit it doesn't have to be. We had 100% compliance on performance reviews and the raise process at opsware. My homie on how to manage a company and do it like the great revolutionary Toussaint Louvertue. The return of podcasting Not many, but that was a bonus. Since my talk, the Black Jacobins, written 1937, became a #1 Best-seller on Amazon. @erictwillis I was teaching leadership rather than slavery. Slavery was the context. I was discussing Toussaint as a leader not as a moral actor. From a military history standpoint, he's an all-time great. @Genius Yes, I have read all about him in the Black Jacobins. It was critical to establish the context for the decisions that he made. Otherwise, there was no way to describe his leadership. I'd like to see this approach applied to regulations: decoding his talk  cc… I just decoded “Whipping was interrupted in order to pass a piece of hot wood on the buttocks of the vict...” Epic "@bhorowitz: I just decoded “Nobody had ever done and has ever done since in human history” @pmarca 60% of McDonald's franchisee owners started as McDonald's hourly employees. McD's sells more salads than any restaurant. : 30% of employees are 16-19, 60% are < 24, 70% are part time, avg. age is 27 #softwareeatsfastfood @Genius Yes, a masterpiece. "60% of  franchise owners started as hourly employees" Don Thompson with #en… The best book on the subject is The Black Jacobins by C.L.R. James Ben horowitz on one management concept:  via I just decoded “Nobody had ever done and has ever done since in human history” Learn about golden handcuffs and option pools by reading's informative annotations on's YC lecture! @D_Genius very true. People have a whole other set of bad names for them. Love that has lecture for 's amazing lecture series.  Must read talk, and annotations fascinating. The Prophets of Rage  really delivers the best insights. I recommend The Black Jacobins by C.L.R. James.  @horowitz39 Ha! I am a small feature in Radical Son and he is a small feature in THAHT. What does hypergrowth look like? Zenefits.
 @… Highly recommended #business bk of the year by: THE HARD THING ABOUT HARD THINGS by: Why is it so hard for big companies to #innovate? It's because they're really good at killing bad ideas. Thank you! I also told the backstory of Chapter 1 on
if you are interested Thanks! I annotated Chapter 1 with the back story on The best book by far is The Black Jacobins by C.L.R. James .@sama at Stanford runs a startup class. delivered a lecture. You need 50 minutes. the shmoney dance had not yet been invented. #historicalfact If you watch one video today, let it be "How to manage", by. @sama The Black Jacobins by C.L.R. James Thank you! It was great fun and a real honor to be invited. Thanks for having me in class today! killing it by applying #GameTheory to #ExecutiveManagement   50 minutes but worth every … here is the lecture from today: Early Twitter investors and explain why they're still fans of CEO's leadership oh yeah! this is exactly what I was waiting for: on Startup Class today talked about the one key concept of management at #CS183 and it was great.  he also danced (first speaker to do … Very nice piece on in @pmarca The problem is that they are not "slightly," but radically. If Obama is both a massive disappointment to liberals and a crazed ideologue to conservatives, maybe the problem isn't him--may… My weekly newsletter goes out tonight. Everything interesting in mobile. Now 25k subscribers. Virgil Abloh, Kanye West’s Creative Director, Puts Street Wear in the Spotlight With His Off-White Line So silly that has to explain this. A life's work means nothing next to a false soundbite @BenedictEvans the ability to swap out the bakground, radically lighter, better in low light to name 3. you are just wrong in both your assumptions and conclusions, but I cannot explain in 140 characters :-). I apologize for that Jawbone's New Wearable, the Up3, Is Ambitious in All the Right Places | WIRED The youngest elected official in America, 18-year-old Saira Blair, uses The rise of women on the Middle Eastern startup scene; read an annotated excerpt from's Startup Rising. This is only the beginning for. One of the most promising and underestimated companies in Silicon Valley This post is correct and if you're mocking it you're a fool. Whole Foods says Instacart is paying off. Orders received are about 2.5 times the company’s average basket (!) From  Finally, #Africa is growing
- And #Poverty in Africa is now falling rapidly thanks, fixed Big fan of here... Using it to build SAP mobility solutions for the enterprise. New post on who you talking about? #paranoid #prophetsofrage The Prophets of Rage  via I wrote a new post . . . Now on my blog with soundtrack Excited to see's THE HARD THING ABOUT HARD THINGS as a #GoodreadsChoice Award nominee. Cast your vote: Op-Ed: explains what's 'Prophets of Rage' taught him about management give your mama a hug :-) : It's official: is freakin' YODA. "What PE's 'Prophets of Rage' Taught Him About Management" @_lordmax_ an honor to be confused with Benedict. Wow. Billboard - Op-Ed: Explains What Public Enemy's 'Prophets of Rage' Taught Him About Management @BartDessaint Looking forward to it. Managing the unmanageable and harnessing the good on the (business) Prophets of Rage. So good! It often comes to that, but they can be super effective as part of a collaboration -- at least in tech. I wrote a new post  Thank you Chuck D for the inspiration. I wrote a new post  Thank you for the inspiration. Looking forward to working with & the whole team on our new + partnership! @gweston They don't disclose their profits, but the profits are equally impressive. For the record, my full quote was "Technology has always been destroying jobs, and it has always been creating jobs" Now that's some serious growth ugh: Ethicists are pushing back against ‘citizen scientists’ who want to experiment on themselves  … Our bodies, our selves - unless, of course, a self-appointed ethicist disagrees. A work of sheer  annotatable version of the #Bitcoin Sidechains paper. Bitcoin now judged a foregone conclusion in Israel.

Israeli Central Banker: Bitcoin is a matter if when, not if. @SuB8u we invest on the team much more than the numbers at that stage, so the important thing is not the number it's the hiding Today is the sixth anniversary of the original paper that created Bitcoin. Nice piece on (yes, she is THAT hopeful) Megan Smith: ‘You Can Affect Billions of People’ Just an honest presentation of the business. what does that make my minutely growth rate :-)? @pmarca I can only imagine . . . @pmarca no, but he's sick, so I felt like I needed to pick up the slack. It's hard to know what goes on inside someone else's company, but I really admire It's because I was in their shoes that I'm trying to make clear how they come across. hit up my man. If he thinks you have super skills then we'll see what's up. its not a pyramid scheme its a 3d triangle! that is the other common deception, but at least you can deconstruct it into the growth numbers. 3/It feels incredibly disrespectful. I wouldn't want to work with someone who thinks of me like that. 2/Do they really think that I don't know that there's a difference between growing 30% on $100 vs. $100M? 1/When companies send me their growth numbers (we're growing 30% week over week), but not their numbers, it makes them seem like a scam. Nas and Dilla beat the fly soliloquy Congrats to and on Series A – wireless power freeing devices from cords will lead us to a truly unte… "Two models for getting things done: senate subcommittee vs. Hackathon. Which works better?"- if you sing 17 Days with all you got, there's a good chance you'll be back togethe… @smc90 OK, but that seems much more complex and less plausible than the current system. @M_Gauche my question is really: what blockchain technology doesn't use mining and works? @smc90 i am just asking, for any use, who validates the transaction and why? @theKen_Miller yes sir! @DanielleMorrill because stock compensation is already accounted for in the share count. Cashflow per share is all that matters. ...so it's true, is coming aboard as a partner... Congrats, you just won the culture war!… Wearing a black turtleneck does not make you the next Steve Jobs, and neither does being an arsehole @deepakshenoy  doesn't validate transactions. That's why we need Bitcoin. @balajis a) you did not answer the question and b) the protocol enables incentives to adjust over time #transactionfees @balajis  the blockchain is validated by miners who work for incentives. In your alternate universe, what's the incentive? @balajis the blockchain is validated by miners who work for incentives. In your alternate universe, what's the incentive? "I like the Blockchain, just not Bitcoin" = "I like the Internet, just not the WWW". Expect a new Snoop/Dre track to drop soon: 404 on an Undercover Cop. things are getting spicy for Drop by Jawbone on  lookin good :) /cc In Transcendence ( the humans are telepathically networked. Google Glass group messaging feels like a … Ha! That's pretty good, but not the right vibe for my tragic breakup playlist. I probably need another revenge-oriented one. @theKen_Miller nice adds! Here you go ♫ Tragic Break Up Songs Ben Horowitz  #NowPlaying a16z VR racing gear .@dickc announces proceeds donated 2 NeighborNest learning center 4 homeless  families My forthcoming album "Ghetto Rhymin'" featured on Musical Fury I just saw a woman standing by one of Foursquare's new bus shelter ads in Chicago take out her phone & download the app. … Great post by It's an exciting time in media for ambitious journalists with the skills and grit to cut and paste Marc Andreessen: Thanks 4 supporting 10/29 TALK Great piece on Amazon and antitrust by Lots of valuable gems about being a founder/CEO in this funny, insightful talk w & - Very interesting proposal: "Enabling Blockchain Innovations with Pegged Sidechains" The optimistic, flexible, open Europe that uses and needs to talk to the ones afraid of the digital future. I am very excited to see come out of stealth @Genius So does that make you long MSFT? For example, “Yes, I have Amazon Prime and use it a lot.” This is awesome. goes in on on. “In fact, it has systematically kept prices low, to reinforce its dominance.” Why Silicon Valley investor loves Hip hop. We talked about an incredible friendship. Today Awesome quote from Marc Andreessen on Why Optimism Is Always the Safest Bet @twitter 1. 2. 3. danke a16z Podcast: The Optimism of Peter Thiel Why get an MBA when the Podcast is free? A+ interview from + on Zero to One => when we started DMs were 63%. Now 42%. I am shooting for 20% by Dec. htt… It's hard to listen to and not come out feeling 3x smarter and 5x more inspired. Thanks for this interview the magic of in one image #emailshoulddie cc:@stewart Robots kill jobs? Countries with the lowest unemployment use the most robots. Germany, Japan. Bruno Maisonnier #ffnyc I'm deeply unconvinced anyone really cares about Google & privacy. It's rather like worrying that your bank knows how mu… The Zuckerbergs just donated more money to fight ebola than China, Canada and France combined. We raised $3M seed from A-Grade Thanks! Nice story: Netscape Navigator was released 20 years ago today. Thank you to everyone who supported us at Netscape & built the Web with us … Old US labor compact was marvelous, unless u were: female, black, Hispanic, gay, disabled, wrong ethnicity/religion, or not in … Fluxin w/@FastCompany Is Spark to Hadoop what Ferrari is to Vespa? Looking that way... I go to Buzzfeed for the hard news ( but I go to NYTimes for the gummi bears ( :… A great event coming October 29 with and at Glide in San Francisco! Nerding out on the awesome podcast archive  - Walking to work will be extra fun this week :)) … Yours truly, June 1993 :-). 2/ Invented a way to programmatically transmit value without involving banks. Not clear if it has any economic value. 1/ Can't get over this article ( Its premise: not clear if eliminating hugely costly prereq has any e… Ironic that the news often so bad at understanding the new. "Dell, ... Dish, and Expedia all say their bitcoin revenue so far have exceeded their expectations." Banks are bad because they gouge customers & live like Babylonian emperors. Amazon is bad because it's exactly oppos… Our partner on how managers, particularly male managers, can foster a better work environment for women: "...okay, but couldn’t you can say the same about antibiotics, flush toilets, & ice cream straight from the freezer?" Take a look inside '@Nas: Time is Illmatic' documentary: The Rise and Rise of Bitcoin is now out on Vimeo:
 production values. Covers 10/31/2008 to early Q… trad HW vendors most threatened by Spark and Mesos; the Hadoop professional services vendorfest ends in… we use it and can't be happier w/results (constraints apply) Q: How do you sort 1 petabyte of data in less than four hours?
A: Databricks, Databricks, Databricks Thought Spark was fast because it was in memory? Turns out it's also boss level software: my favorite annotation yet, talking about via "Some Funk in cyberspace" 20 yrs ago back in 1994. Sensational #nonprofits receive $500K for pioneering work in inclusion in #tech What I loved about #Oktane13 and why I can't wait for #Oktane14 #Salute & GREAT news at this morning! Featured in. Thanks so much!! Big thank you to + for their support of! We couldn't be more honored to have you on the team Great gift from and  A big step forward for diversity in tech! @newsgenius Kris is extremely sharp, but Kim knows what she is doing more than people think! I just decoded “We’re trying to maximize results, not minimize headaches” from “The Genius ISMs” From tragedy to triumph. The Hard Thing About Hard Things is saving my life right now. 7/ State reneged on promise of 40 acres+ mule ( Network may soon give every kid in developing world 40… With the homies & in LA. Triple OG's on the #StraightOuttaCompton set.  Greatest battle rap song of all time for me. Thanks! If you are interested in the back story, I annotated chapter 1 on Product picks from on Product Hunt A great event coming October 29 with and at Glide in San Francisco! Powerful and heartfelt post by on founders, depression, and suicide: Ha! No doubt!  is the key to the whole thing. DIVINE...you KILLED it at the Women 2.0 conference. I want to work at too! There's only one day left to download "The Hard Thing About Hard Things" by Fascinating transformation story of from jail to making music and hanging w #W2SF14 I have seen it twice and we screened it in Redwood City In the meantime... How to tell if your dog's involved in a sex scandal Congratulations John Donahoe + team for determination & perspicacity to get here -- I can't wait to see both new companies unle… People please stop with this celebration of failure, and fail fast etc. Failure isn't cool it blows in fact Shut it down at the Women 2.0 (@women2) HowTo Conferece SF...performed Venture Capitalist (Like)" and "VC Li… Witness a tidal wave begin: Google Trends Search interest: "digital nomad"  #digitalnomads Greatest book for startups of the year? Have to give it to Hard Things about Hard things.  Epic read, pushe… Nice! & Chat About The Future of #Startups, #VC and #Tech  via Reality TV show idea: Attach a $GPRO to the people who are short $GPRO. The Michigan Supreme Court, 1922: Cars are tools for robbery, rape, murder, enabling silent approach + swift escape. 11/ Satoshi's pseudonymity meant legacy media had to play the ball, not the man. Idea had to be evaluated on its merits. partners with to provide on-demand meat delivery  via… Great post on valuation that broaches key issue few have been talking about: STRUCTURE It is a common but incorrect myth that Silicon Valley is bro culture. Silicon Valley is nerd culture, and we are the bro's natu… Nothing attracts flames and ad hominem attacks like banal observations of basic & uncontroversial economic theory. Welcome  to our 1st visiting professor! On ‘Dark Talent’, MOOCs, Universities, and Startups: I think that the big thing was that both big companies executed well. That almost never happens. you need to ask him I declare today to be A16Z day. Retweeted by and within hours. Can I get a retweet from fo… I just decoded “You may still fail. The outcome is something like idea x product x execution x team x luc...” , Congrats on having your book nominated as one of the best of the year   #BBYA14 Thanks Diane! @peterthiel 's zero to one Thx for a great write up on a little company called thats bringing the healthiest meat to the masses Excellent post on SaaS sales from the one and only Mike Cranney(@bhorowitz's VP of Sales from Opsware) My attempt to explain what bitcoin is and why it matters to Google's 350 largest clients in 10 minutes: what an article. did you see and' annotations on the original piece? «La musique adoucit les moeurs» Thx for sharing:Hip hop to market a VC?!? Here is the actual connection: Nice profile of in NY Times. Amazing company Hard to get deep love of rap till u found your first #startup. Then makes SO much sense! Thanks! I annotated chapter 1 with photos and stuff on ever wondered why has rap lyrics in his blog posts? go read  so much respect for… Thank you! Yes:  -  why is a big - and totally authentic - supporter by This video deserves all the views  by #leadershipb #startups h/t Ha! He's black! @pmarca he's a Shakespearean actor, so he adds a bit of drama. His name is Kevin Kennerly. [video] The book that learned much about leadership from This is just such a nice story. @jeremyalmand muskrat suzie, muskrat sam? Hanging with, his wife Felicia and at #FindingYourRoots Must Watch! @richarddjordan Yes, but I thought they crossed the like by attacking Main problem with conspiracy theory he uses rap as a marketing ploy is he's old as dirt & liked it bef… Wait so people are attacking because his circle of friends and interests is TOO diverse? WTF? Can someone ju… Peep educating the #bossup community about The Black Jacobins and why its his leadership book of choice. Interesting! Coming from me, a man born deeply into the hip hop genre. Wouldn't have expected from h… parallels btwn hiphop & tech is scary to some. god forbid folks get inspired 2b entrep… "@bhorowitz being scoffed at for HipHop& rapper friends says Black&White, rich&poor, hood&suburbs just shouldn’t mix" @nitashatiku Hip hop to market a VC?!? Here is the actual connection: I'm still trying to figure out when hip hop and VC culture became mutually exclus… @Jason I just have so much pent up hostility on this one. I will try to behave now. September 15, 2014 is the day learned that white people have black friends in the Valley, thanks to. Fascinating story: about Hip Hop in his blog posts @pmarca I think he may have the largest music CD collection in the world and now the largest music hard drive. Open Letter to ValleyWag’s Co-Editor Nitasha Tiku | Divine - "The 4th Letter" in case you care, here's the actual story: hey about to upload your talk on the black jacobins!!!! Let them hate lol I don't get the beef about and friendship. Why can't #hiphop and #tech live? “@RapRehab Now Forbes responds … doh!!! I heard that rapper selfies really move the needle on billion dolla… @samfbiddle ah yes. Right out of the ole VC playbook. Wow. @lesternare Good question. And what would the purpose of fake be? @nitashatiku why get snarky with a guy who just got out of jail and got his first positive PR. Who does that? @rivveting He is our official rapper in the same way that you are my official antagonist :-). @rivveting So you wrote the story any way. OK. I will answer it: no, he is not. @rivveting Did you get a reply that said he was? Huh. While my friends were on #FB building me a set list of shoe-gazing country classics, #VW was criticizing for … @samfbiddle and when the New Yorker corrected the quote, you left the article based on it up. Who is disingenuous? @nitashatiku yes if it was actually a title or if he actually worked for a16z. @samfbiddle Thank you. @samfbiddle did you call Nas or anyone who knows him to figure out if we were friends or "fake friends?" @blam I am so sorry to keep hurting your sensibilities. annnnd that it would be worse if Ben was "cool" and stayed in his white rich guy peer circle I'd rather have than some other VCs @nitashatiku I just wish one of you would check one fact one time. @blam what are you talking about? Why don't you call those people and ask them? Oh, that would be journalism. a very thought-provoking and impt read: on 'racism masked as sarcasm' @nitashatiku your uncle sounds like a fantastic guy. @samfbiddle Sam started the conversation, not me. :-) and I'm not going to stop being friends with the 2 famous people that I am friends with, because you don't like it. Get a life. Are the kids who attended the diversity event that you attacked me for famous? Is Divine famous? it wasn't my quote and I corrected it as soon as I saw it. The whole point of the post was to make look bad for working on diversity. How is that not racist? And you lied to do it. Yeah whatever. Whatever to the truth. Look at your blog's latest target. I know that makes you proud. how about the one you wrote on our diversity program. That's a good one to start with, since you based it on a lie. the fact that tech gossip is a real thing is an ridiculous thing in itself. Should never have existed. You write racist things. People write comments that point them out. And you delete them, because they are so obviously true. The attempt to chill good people doing good things by being a shitbag & making them feel anything less t… if we could all just agree to ignore VW, they would cease to be a going concern… Whatever. That's why you delete the comments when people point it out. The truth hurts. you ridicule me for having diverse friends. You lie to do it. Clearly, you don't want to see that kind of thing in tech. great reply by Divine! you don't know why you'd write an article based on a misattributed quote? And not correct it? Because you made your point. a chill on the relationships that you keep attacking me for. get off of  nuts. You are a racist hater. Don't be mad playa 😱 He is a real inspiration. Yes, no doubt. I appreciate that! I agree. This is 3rd time they've done this. They are trying to create a chill. Did you see the panel with me Stoute and ? @QD3 posted some dope photos from that evening: @RapGenius The Dumbo sample is my favorite. @RapGenius We were heavily influenced by RunDMC and the Beastie Boys, but we only had a 4 track recorder. I just had dinner with Rick about 3 weeks ago. He came up for the screening that we did of the movie Time Is Illmatic. @ScottNolan the mixtape and the lyrics are linked at the bottom of the post on. Rick Rubin is the man. . my rap does not promote the use of marijuana: #Respect to. Pretty sure you pulled the best thing out of #Compton other than Dr. Dre.... ht… Zero To One is out! Must read for anyone thinking about the future, and how to build it. Fantastic piece on - such an inspiring organization!  #tech #philanthropy $TWTR is $30b co I use dozens times a day. If pot smoking leads to those results, I'm abt to get medical marijuana cards fo… Toshi: Our portfolio company Coinbase announced something yesterday that went largely unnoticed, but might be ... VC breaks down tech news on’s latest channel, TECH GENIUS. New channel: TECH GENIUS!  Breakdowns of tech news and insights from, and more. There should be a club for pedantic commenters. But should it be called the Society for Pedants or the Society of Pedant… "In the mid 1990s most people thought mobile phones were an expensive niche product without mass-market potential" "Out of the Spotlight, Bitcoin Gains Legitimacy" Code2040 welcomes the next generation of black and Latino engineering students. “Silicon Valley 101” by I am giant fan, but want to represent properly when I do. It's coming. @balajis no one knows what it means, but it's provocative . . . #ballsohard Bigger fan of mathematical proof than social proof. Can't trust a big butt and a smile Me & Seth at Ben's...the man whose story compelled me to reach out to Ben...#SALUTESETH ...When the streets meets Andreesen Horowitz (@a16z)...#VCLIFE @peterthiel Zero To One is a great book. I learned a lot reading it. I had to read #TheLegendoftheBlindEmcee after learning of the inspiration behind #venturecapi… Go!!! How an Underground Rapper Befriended a Billionaire Venture Capitalist - RapRehab - RapRehab The BIG quote that I was appropriate for your deal: Big Poppa smash fools, bash fools Niggas mad because I know that Cash Rules My mixtape is already out. Pointer to it at the end of this post: @a16z it's already out. A pointer to it at the end of this post: Best part of the AMA. (hint:) The folks Bitcoin wallet backed by roll out in Europe Got 4 hrs sleep can’t put down best books read in long time “hard things about hard things”. Must read for every CE… A History of Ben Horowitz's Best Rap References  via Not mad at for recognizing hip hop and giving Divine a platform.  #Thatsh… Fascinating read on. My experience, the courtesy & respect for entrepreneurs is unheard of, @davemcclure I loved it :-). and thank you and for doing so: “@Medium: “How Andreessen Horowitz Is Disrupting Silicon Valley” htt… Foursquare's two apps. Great example of building a business from collected data. #digitalproduct  via… My partner evans drops serious Amazon knowledge: Misquote. I said: "the difference between a vision and a hallucination  . . . they call it a vision when other people can see it @ChrisLyons I won't be able to get to vegas for the fight as I'll be in NY, but I will watch it with.  5 Things I like about 
1 Loves Neuro1
2 Brilliant entrepreneur 
3 Humble guy
4 His book
5 - RAIDERS FAN! htt… Awesome -> interviews young tech entrepreneurs Caleb (14), Ima (16) & Asha (15) about their app 'Five-O' htt… why is Venture Capitalist like playing over and over in our heads :) Thanks! I annotated chapter 1 on with photos and other stuff: Thanks! I annotated chapter 1 on with photos and other stuff: every last homie This is currently on heavy rotation: & of explain practically everything it really just requires some good yac. I recommend Hine Triomphe. Still buzzin from this fun, free, fantastic party thrown by. Thanks for bringing Time is Illmatic to us! How fly is that picture? The Farrah Fawcett, the glasses and the outfit! Congratulations … Check out the lyrics/annotations on's most "underground" song, "All of the Lights" Oh UR straight hiphop! “@pmarca Great writeup on "Time Is Illmatic" in …  👌💯 rt:"@QD3: The literal intersection of tech and culture, with and. These kids created an amazing app Five-O. All kids should learn to #code -   via… people who use evolution to justify eugenics are idiots and evil. Evolution is a foundational part of biological science. Three Kids, One App, One Love., and discuss making the world safer one app at a time. 100% Inspiring: Three Kids, One App, One Love -- The Five-O Story w/@bhorowitz  #soundcloud and me at +1. Eloquent post on #timeisillmatic,!  Thank you, #One9 Reading #thtaht by in New Delhi. Students of aiming to be GREAT product managers! Big Tune (@pmarca) goes in hard on this. My part was not as good, but still worth hearing him. Nas chatting with about #timeisillmatic - great night about life, hip hop and the future. Thanks ! Yesterday I was listening to and talk about vr + edu, govt, and I just can't stop thinking about how to … Time is Illmatic was real! Great film. Spent some time with at the Time Is Illmatic event in SF. Hosted by - straight up phenomen… I knew we got the best investors. Thank you At the screening of #timeisillmatic  w/ and Big crowd. Looks like theater is going to be packed … Getting into N.Y. State of Mind for #timeisillmatic tonight with .@bhorowitz & explain how "software eats the world.” I'm eatin it up and you are too. Epic hang last night w benhorowitz nas feliciahorowitz chrislyon… The earthquake and its effect on sleep:  (by data engineer) When will good white leaders denounce the nihilistic bacchanal culture of white people? Who will speak out?  Whites were twice as likely to be found with guns during a stop than blacks. no, they are the set of features that lock out the competition if you get them into the customer's criteria. no question. Specifically with respect to employee perks. Deaths from police shootings (latest available year)
US 409
Germany 8
Britain 0
Japan 0 I am here for you bro :-). @jmilinovich Let her know that I used to be 6'4" tall and good looking. work work! (@ Walker & Company HQ in Palo Alto, CA) @FelicaHorowitz not this year good to hear from you! picked the reader Had a great time listening to who came for dinner in our house yesterday! Perks of the. by :best (business) book I've read in yrs.Not just for start-ups.Mandatory reading I cannot help myself -- too proud. I have to post 's awesome speech at @ReformedBroker yes, but he did identify a few counterpoint articles right up front :-). and they don't have no award for that . . . Really good and accurate piece from  It's nice to see that someone is paying attention. @BlogsofWarTech I can't speak for the other investors, but we said no such thing to Uber. Thanks! I annotated chapter 1 on if you are interested in the back story: sometimes Thanks! I annotated chapter 1 if you are interested in the backstory Most enjoyable + valuable bus book I've read?'s 'The Hard Thing About Hard Things'. No rocketships here, just… We did it for the tweetstorm, not the money BuzzFeed john Nelli thanks you @GLIDEsf Glide is the best! Here is the audio version of my last post:  featuring  and @pmarca I believe that his actual point followed the em dash :-). no, that's just what happened to me. I do not recommend it.  thanks! If you want the backstory, I annotated chapter 1 on nope. It has its own dedicated team. @fredwilson I will take that last part as a compliment :-). Just used new 4S!!!Don't think i will use Yelp anymore? “@bhorowitz: post New Foursquare: My girl tried to casting couch me in exchange for borrowing book. I whored myself out for knowledge. Great book s… @fredwilson It wasn't a trick. We write posts about the companies we invest in all the time. We are VCs after all :-). Honored to be on this list @pmarca I am pretty sure that we did, but I honestly don't remember. :-). It's a parallel to the quote at the top. Sorry to be cryptic! Just got my app update -- now I see what Ben means!

Lots of brand damage to undo, but this is a REALL… Let me know if you feel that way about the new one. Seriously, the fact that is using for his own website is a huge vote of confidence in the pl… My post on the New Foursquare:  . It's awesome! The New Foursquare My partner on mobile technology running data centers. What?!?! Yep. @kanyewest I was definitely not skeptical. I believe in Yeezus! I just finished your book. Absolutely the best book for a startup CEO. Incredibly impressed with. Thank you! , just read your book over vacation. Was floored. Well done, & thank you!  Bought copies for the exec team!  The Illum Thanks! I annotated Chapter 1 on Thanks! Btw, I annotated Chapter 1 on @tristanwalker the annotations to that chapter are on  with photos Thanks! Btw, I annotated Chapter 1 on @a16z @pmarca He is Big Tunechi to me. Bob Pearson .@bhorowitz Very cool, humbled. Yo Ben, check out response left u n comments #scaleups opps Check out the winning annotations on's The Hard Thing About Hard Things! 3/ by nightpool ( 2/ by felorwa ( by ken mccarthy ( 1/Here are the winners of the Hard Thing About Hard Things annotation contest: just brilliant. #hardthings How To Ruin Your Company // The Corner The war on marijuana is racist. So is the rest of the war on drugs. @EmmanuelAmber That photo was taken before photoshop existed :-). U.S.: Satellite imagery shows Russians shelling eastern Ukraine Future of Book Author?
While readin'#HardThings did't get wht take ur shit it mean til i saw's #annotation ht… @BartDessaint I think 100 to 1 at least, but that probably understates it. 30 days to get deployed in the "cloud." Every blog post of is just dripping tonnes of wisdom. This was inevitable. Ha! I annotated chapter 1 on I annotated Chapter 1 at I annotated chapter 1 on An honor to debut my narration skills on's latest blog: #hardthings How To Ruin Your Company // The Corner by on #SoundCloud I added a link to the audio version of my most recent post: why startups need less VC money than ever-- and also more money than ever. good read by's Thanks! Btw, I annotated Chapter 1 on I annotated chapter 1 on My next 113 tweets will be from book. If you run a business, go buy it. I am glad that you like it. I annotated Chapter 1 on in case you haven't seen it, I annotated chapter 1 on Thanks! I annotated chapter 1 on Glad you liked it! I annotated chapter 1 on My brilliant and lovely wife is speaking at Techcrunch Disrupt SF 2014 -- Sept 8-10 -- buy tickets now :-). Marvelous Marvin Hagler: 'It’s hard to get up at 6am when you’re wearing silk pyjamas.' Our friend's increasingly plausible "Six Californias" effort is up on Nationbuilder: Reading book & it's really raising the bar. From now on I'm only reading business books that include rap quotes. @pmarca Not if you only listen and don't give direction. If middle managers don't like that, fire them. Best morning read ever. "@skanwar: How to Ruin Your Company with One Bad Process: Budgeting  via… @riemannzeta yes, also an excellent idea :-). @pmarca CEOs need to talk to the people who actually do the work. I.e., the non-managers. Else, spin city. This is a hero: fb now worth 4x what it was in aug 2012, when many analysts were saying "i told you it was going down!"  do they ever get fired? excited to be partnering with & team and & —> he will be awesome! Looking forward to working with the expanded team. Congratulations to team on addition -- a great new teammate! He is an African American Shakespearean actor. My wife picked him due to his flair for the dramatic :-). Thanks! I annotated chapter 1 on Thrilled to have #LeanStartup speaker, co-founder of + author of "The Hard Thing About Hard Things." ht… I annotated chapter 1 on now annotated at including a photo of coach Mendoza: From our first #fashmash book club - here's what fashion can learn from's book #hardthings @kaykas Indeed, the best defense is a good offense. @sung_ella best is to have your CFO make friends with CFOs of similar private companies and share info. I need to tweet about this twice: SIX HUNDRED AND FIFTY MILLION DOLLAR DONATION to study mental illness: Mobile leverage effects: 2-3x more devices, 10x more reach, 100x the opportunity? that works as long as you don't have too much cash. Too much cash is common these days :-). Just realized the Satoshi paper is on. I think I'll have to contribute some annotations. Thanks! I annotated Chapter 1 on @ashleymayer let me know what you think! Wow that's awesome. I really hope this becomes a thing for many pieces of writing. One week left! Annotate to win a signed chapter of's book The Hard Thing About Hard Things! The classic method is % of departmental spend vs. revenue. E.g. if Zynga spends x% of revenue on marketing, what do we spend? I go 0 to 100 ni*&$a real quick! Ah! Also true :-). Thanks! I annotated chapter 1 on occasionally I have a new thought :-). Brilliant post by on how the seemingly innocuous process of setting budgets can ruin your company. @pmarca I said that it was common not universal. @aronsolomon maybe you'll understand it better now: all true, but you are on a bit of a tangent :-). The point was about "over constraint" rather than constraint. yes, more true in design and management than engineering. That part was for engineers. 250 to half a mil aint nothing nobody can do with me here you go: glad that you like it! I annotated chapter 1 by the way: thanks! I annotated chapter 1 at Great to hear it! I annotated chapter 1 of the book at "honesty may not be the best policy, but it's worth trying every once in a while" -Richard Nixon This is spectacular; agile CEOing  This is the most common mistake that I see CEOs make as they scale Gr8 take-down of "gamification" of budget process - will look familiar to anyone at a bigco! By: Don’t gamify the budgeting process. You might ruin your agile, small company. Another great post from This is the most common mistake that I see CEOs make as they scale thanks! Chapter 1 is now annotated: Oooh, can't wait for this: Cumberbatch plays computer scientist Alan Turing in The Imitation Game. Check out trailer: Thank you industrial revolution(s). Most important chart in human history right here. "Next To Silicon Valley, Nonprofits Draw Youth Of Color Into Tech : All Tech Considered : NPR" Proposed: Authenticity as rising business imperative -- in networked world, we can increasingly sniff out cynicism, exploitatio… @DanielleMorrill Oh, I know. I hope you don't mean like a 3 day old burrito. On, "This is why he's the Godfather." - Thank you for the shout out! CEO BBQ with the chef and the homie - crazy garden party Ben's writing really hit me today: Here is the announcement describing the new proposed virtual currency rules. #bitcoin If you don't believe in it, then there's your answer. Man,  (formerly known as) got too. Now that is impressive. I just decoded “Tristan Walker” from “The Hard Thing About Hard Things Chapter 1” I am glad you liked it! I just decoded “"To whoever think their words affect me is too stupid And if you can do it better tha...” @pmarca Ada had every language in it, so in that way it was perfect. It did take a long time to compile :) @Genius true that Bloomberg on 1/I want to thank my good friend Ralph Whitworth for everything he's done for us over the last several years: @pmarca Most Universities did not consider Computer Science a legitimate major in 1980. You had to major in EE. I'm like a month late but and at Cannes, absolutely brilliant. Yes, we'll start with chapter 1 and see how it goes. @joebarak He wrote it after reading The Hard Thing About Hard Things. The story is here: This is amazing. First chapter annotations and pics of through the years now on @joebarak I like the track. Only first three annotations count for the contest, I can't help buy focus on the recruiting parts.  cc… My theme for the week, Divine's "Venture Capitalist (Like)"  thanks cc I have annotated chapter 1 with photos on @newsgenius keep that in mind it used to be "Content is King", with annotations from  "Context is King" There are cant-put-down articles and there is this |  | Wow! What a storyteller this is.. here is the correct contest description link Here is the correct link to the THAHT contest @newsgenius Yes, but he was a product the system. With no carrot as motivation for people to work, you are left with the stick. as your interpretation of the original text. What better way to publicise a book? annotates the first chapter of his own with old photos and anectotes @newsgenius they would most certainly not, but that doesn't mean they were right. They supported Stalin. posting those took much more courage than writing the book :-). You're welcome! You just have to write the annotation. I just decoded “We have been happily married for nearly twenty-five years and have three wonderful ch...” I just decoded “This guy is a thug. Coming here was a big mistake” I just decoded “Turn your shit in” from “The Hard Thing About Hard Things Chapter 1” I just decoded “Eighteen years later, he would be the best man at my wedding.” I just decoded “Joel Clark Jr. said, “Sure.” When I turned to see what Roger would do, he was gone” I just decoded “When my mother dropped me off at nursery school for the first time, I began to cry” I just decoded “And became editor of the famed New Left magazine Ramparts.” I just decoded ““I was passing out communist literature when I was eleven years old. I remember it we...” I just decoded “At this particular barbecue, the conversation turned to the great rapper Nas.” I just decoded “The other day I threw a big barbecue at my house and invited a hundred of my closest ...” If you have annotations, we have contest:  plus let me know if you'd like me to explain anything and I will. I have annotated Chapter 1 of The Hard Thing About Hard Things with some very rare and embarrassing photos :-). No doubt! @davemcclure techcrunch picked the graphic without consulting me. At his best, yet again "Do You Feel Pressure Or Do You Apply Pressure?" I had Budden and Mook The real reason only rich people can afford to live in Silicon Valley: No increase in housing supply to meet demand. Thanks! @vgr "kush rolled glass full, I prefer the finer things, ni*%$s with no money act like money isn't everything" I like the "f you :-)". If you can't get leverage from them by applying pressure, there is no reason to keep them. Good suggestion! those darn humans! That is probably a whole other post. thanks! I wrote a new post btw: 'The Hard Thing About Hard Things' by is one of the best books I've ever read. I'm highlighting paragraphs at a ti… oh yes. Lash out, withdraw, burst into tears, and, rarely, step up and make the best moves and changes. he's a great coach! Another gem by on applying pressure to solve problems. This man is one of a kind.  via… it's a great song too. the rap lyrics generally inspire the posts. I wrote a new post Do You Feel Pressure Or Do You Apply Pressure?  by Can't get enough of's The Hard Thing About Hard Things, will be my 3rd time through it in as many months. #mustrea… Yes, sometimes you have to be a little more obvious in battle raps. People don't have time to study the verse. @MurdaMookez He worked him alright! Lux needs to regroup! @pmarca Yes he does. I think his breadth may be even more impressive than his depth. @MurdaMookez really did work last night. That was crazy. LOVE THIS! From Rap Genius to Genius  via @BraeMan I appreciate that!!ll Thank you! @FelicaHorowitz thanks Hammer!!! not to sound preachy ~ #BOs #treps & #startups, I highly recommend #thehardthingabouthardthings by  #getIt @iAmLoadedLux did you see Murda Mook take out Iron Solomon? Brutal. Who do you think will prevail or? . Done!!! #DanGilbert is killing it today! “@bhorowitz: From to: "No". Look it up! :-) From Rap Genius to Genius  via 
Dan Gilbert has had an incredible day!! #WOW #GENIUS Genius!  via congrats on the expansion! and gooo brooklyn startups  via @pmarca no diggity no doubt! could sure help decipher the EOB u get from health insurance co's RT From to Genius The striking thematic similarities of Rap Music and Classic African literature are astounding. 
via   via Genius … @RapGenius yes, hence "from rapgenius to genius" From to Genius: THANKS & Sheldon Adelson for supporting much needed immigration reform!!! @pmarca coming very soon! Cutest couple of Sun Valley IMO. They hold hands even when no one is looking. and My last 2 major Fortune profile subjects together: A great thrill to interview the incomparable LP No, unfortunately, they do not put those online. A great thrill to interview the incomparable Larry Page at Allen & Co.  Knowledge my podcast song produced, mixed & mastered by's debut with at: Protecting Your Company from Itself: Why You Need HR -- the a16z podcast with & Shannon Callahan What happens at #FashMash book club stays at #FashMash book club. Photo cred ->. Great book! htt… Is Bitcoin legit, some still ask.
Well, would the US Marshals have auctioned 30 kilos of cocaine? Congratulations & Box! 0/Ten + one ways to grievously damage your high-growth tech startup, and Silicon Valley in the process: 10/Refuse to take HR seriously: allow terrible internal manager & employee behavior to catalyze into catastrophic ethical & leg… two separate things. In 1:1s, the employee should do 90% of the talking. Always OK to give feedback, but that's not that meeting. Stay strong!! @robcolbert They've actually solved the nausea problem at this point. Oculus Rift wins official Critics Award for "Best Hardware" at E3 2014 (again!). Congrats to the team and community!! htt… I wrote this handy guide to what we know so far about Apple's wearables strategy. "Marijuana-related arrests plummeted in Colorado, freeing up law enforcement to focus on other criminal activity" interesting theory, but not that personal in reality. Opsware sale was strictly business and not about me. probably not true I'm a pastor in Greater Boston and freaking love your book. Looks like you tapped into a new market homie!! That was an awesome quote! I saw Kanye's mind explode when he said that! lol Hard Things audio book seems dry now. for the remix. i have a few coming very soon. Just need to finish up some things, but next week for sure. As says: "The hard thing about hard things . . . Aint nuthin' easy": "the hard things about hard things" is the best book for any entrepreneur currently building a company hands down.… Did someone just put down $10k for coffee w/ to help #poweredbyLOVE @pmarca It wasn't a real argument, but no question that would have won if it was regarding FB and if a16z Yes Impressive interview with Iguodala on. "Father time is undefeated." Thanks Dre for the shout out! @fluxresearch Yes sir! Inspiring. Provocative. Fun. Gotta share this: “@theSTASHED: Watch & At Cannes The Documentary is definitely the best. I personally think L.A.X. is underrated. so good to know this man! I don't even think he knows the impact he puts on folk.. just read an annotated Drake lyric on by, love how authentic he is with hip hop, its the jazz of o… Finished The Hard Things About Hard Things even went back and read Yertle the Turtle both fantastic books More on the Divine story. And it's amazing. And the charity angle! #rippleeffect #hardthings I hope he likes it! sadly, that's a big market! @pmarca  If you do, you will see my wife Super-proud of my partners & for their talk at last night -- contribute to Glide here! thanks  for taking your time to discover and having an open mind about how this can … VCs And Want To Bridge SF’s Growing Digital Divide | TechCrunch Nice story on event with + great photo of Why I  am on the board of - take the challenge if you dare :-)  c u 2nit Inspiring! $10k raised for during the #hardthings talk w/ & #tiltforgood #poweredbylove That's dope. In his Cannes interview w/ &, shouted out as a true visi… Amazing night thank you for bringing SF together - @Alexcusack I was referring to Glide not churches. If you've been to Glide, you would not categorize it as a church @Alexcusack it's a little bit of a misquote. I was talking about Glide being a model not churches. No doubt! The RZA! There's a supanova tonight, .@FelicaHorowitz bridges tech and community!.@bhorowitz #poweredbylove .@mariaajudice I was sceptical, but watched the, and talk twice now and it is truely inspiring @RaviMikkelsen from crack to rap to corner offices! @Jason I am adding in because he'll want to hear that. Real hip hop!! @Jason Great to see Divine Ayatollah getting some publicity. He is the modern Jean Valjean you have to watch it to the end. That's not crack! @kcfaul what are you from Seattle or something? “@bhorowitz: brains, heart and a lot of soul in the valley. Great story on Stop whatever you're doing now and go watch this:  ft., &. Great story on  He is the modern Jean Valjean. It's an honor to know him. Great to see my boy on CNN this morning!  cc Why do I get the feeling that everyone who wants flying cars is about to get really worked up about drones falling out of the s… NABE just published my remarks on Secular Stagnation.  Read full text here: 