What do dinosaurs have to do with undernourished children? More than you might think: How much do you know about poverty & hunger? The average score on this quiz is 3: Here's what happened to U.S. infection rates once vaccines were introduced: Time is precious when an outbreak hits. A new wave of diagnostic tools could be critical: Here’s how Africa will be able to feed itself in just 15 years: Here’s a great article about one of my favorite books of last year: Where do most people live? This new map makes it easy to see: Why were the Ebola forecasts so far off? explains: Mobile money is going to make it easier for the poor to get credit. Here’s a big first step: From the front lines, this doctor calls for an all out war against malaria:  via A new wave of innovation is solving the problem of digital money for the poor: Over the next 15 years, online courses will be wildly better than even the best is today: This could be crucial. A malaria test that detects the disease before symptoms show: A trailblazer, Hopper is one of the most fascinating figures in coding: I just updated my profile photo in appreciation of my Secret Santas. Read about what I got in my #AMA recap: Bad news comes in headlines, but improvements come one life at a time. My Annual Letter recap: Debating skeptics, calling on global citizens and a big success—on the road for this year's Annual Letter: “What about Ebola?” and other questions from our Annual Letter tour: Educating a girl has a huge ripple effect on her entire community: Today, 2 billion people don’t have a bank account.  In 15 years they’ll be making payments with their phones: This trip enriched my life. Sign up if you’re interested in becoming a global citizen: We’re helping launch a new effort to mobilize global citizens in the fight against poverty. We hope you’ll join: Here’s how banking is changing for people across the world & why it matters: A hard-nosed argument for investing in women and girls from: These four keys are helping African farmers grow more food: Over 15 yrs, deaths from these diseases will continue to decline & more children will thrive: Our foundation gives more money to education than to any other cause in the U.S. Here’s why: Here’s an innovation that I think will trickle up from developing countries to the rich world: By 2030, 2B people who don’t have a bank account today will be storing money with their phones I love this chart. We are going to cut child deaths by half, AGAIN. Here's how: Kenya’s mobile banking revolution is what we want for all countries: 70% of people in developing countries already have the key to their financial future: In the coming years, software will revolutionize online learning: .@melindagates and I are making a big bet, just like and I did 40 years ago:  #tbt By 2030, HIV cases will be declining around the globe--for the first time since the disease was discovered: 15 years from now, most people in poor countries will be able to take classes online: Hi, I’m starting my #AMA now: Ask me anything on this morning at 10:15 a.m. Pacific time. There are more mobile money accounts than adults in Kenya. Here's why that's a good thing: If you’re looking for smart investments, this one’s a no brainer: Proof the world is getting better, faster. Learn more about our big bets for the future: I'm betting that digital banking will help the poor radically transform their lives: In the next 15 years, higher crop yields will help Africa feed its people: 7 of 10 people in Sub-Saharan Africa are farmers, yet Africa has to import food to survive: We’re betting that better seeds, fertilizer, and education will make a world of difference for millions of farmers: Here's why raising farm yields in Africa is so crucial: Would you say this gap has grown or shrunk since 1990? Find out: Vaccines are a phenomenal investment. They’ve saved more than 6M lives since 2000: By 2030, we'll cut child deaths by half—and eradicate more diseases than ever before: This is one of the greatest accomplishments in global health and we're primed to do it again: In 5,000 years of human history, only one disease has been eradicated. We can end four more in just 15 years: We can get polio out of Africa this year, and everywhere else in the next several years: Some will say we’re overly optimistic, but Melinda and I have never been so sure about a bet we've made… Why do we need to invest in women and girls to end poverty? explains:  Read more: "In 15 years, we went from no space program to boots on the moon."  What can we do in 15 more? Here are 5 proven, existing interventions that save newborn lives: I had a lot of fun in NYC launching our Annual Letter: There’s never been a better time to accelerate progress around the world: .@melindagates and I think the next 15 years will be transformative for poor countries: .@melindagates and I just released our Annual Letter—we’re making a big bet for the future: I challenged to a #poopwater taste test. Tune-in to #FallonTonight to see what he thought. Why do people die young? It depends on where they live: Burning wood for fuel is bad for people and the environment. Here’s a promising alternative:  via This powerful video shows where preventable diseases are still threatening lives: Good story about how the youngest signers of the Giving Pledge & think about philanthropy: Scientists may have unlocked the door to developing new antibiotics:  via These powerful photos are a reminder of the fantastic progress we’ve made against polio: Cheers to this engineering miracle. A machine that turns poop into tasty drinking water: I toured a device that will turn poop into drinkable water and electricity. Remarkable: From your toilet to my glass...I got to taste water made from human waste: We’ve nearly defeated Guinea worm, plus 25 more reasons the world is getting better 4 innovations I’ve seen that are helping poor farmers grow more and earn more: Here’s my list of good news that’s worth celebrating as you ring in the new year: If you want to save and improve lives around the world, vaccines are a fantastic investment: The world’s not falling apart. As said, “Follow the trend lines, not the headlines.”  via Exciting progress on a new dengue vaccine:  via 14 eye-popping charts that tell the story of global development in 2014: The brilliant looks at the fascinating complexities of healthcare in India: One of my favorite trends–more children are living to see their 5th birthday than ever before. This is the catalyst: One of my favorite stories of 2014: In just one year, Nigeria went from 50 polio cases to 6: We’re no longer losing ground in the fight against AIDS. Some very good news just came out: Last chance to make your 2014 donations. I recommend. It provides free education for anyone anywhere: Well done, #nerdfighters. Your support for Project for Awesome was, well, awesome. World Suck is on the run. I got involved in global health because of rotavirus, so I'm happy to see this progress: Welcome news! This year we finally had a promising breakthrough in tuberculosis treatment: Since 2001, the world has saved 13.6 million children’s lives. I’d call that progress: 2014 was a tough year. I’m taking a minute to look back at some of the bright spots: I gave’s novel to 50 friends. Then Melinda & I talked to him about why it’s so good: I loved The Rosie Project. I got a sneak peak at the sequel too: Check out this chart. The world is being reshaped because more children are surviving: Calling all #nerdfighters. and I hope you’ll support Project for Awesome: This might be the most mind-blowing fact I learned this year: One of the best books I read in 2014. It tries to unlock the formula for  Asia’s rapid growth: Piketty’s Capital sparked a fantastic global discussion about inequality. My thoughts on it: This neglected classic is still my favorite business book ever: 5 terrific books I read this year:  #Bestof2014 It was hard to pick the best books I read in 2014. See what made the cut: tools are way better than what these guys started with…   #HourofCode This is one of my favorite success stories – vaccines have put Nigeria within reach of polio eradication: I often say vaccines are one of the best health investments. Here’s why: Just a few hours left…Melinda and I will match your donation to #GivingTuesday We’re matching donations to today. Help save a life for #GivingTuesday: A great holiday tradition: Giving to a cause you care about…  #GivingTuesday A big milestone in the fight against AIDS: More people get treatment than become infected… Great news: Canada just pledged C$500 million to help reach every child with life-saving vaccines: Really exciting… Real-time advice and market intelligence are helping African farmers succeed: Inspiring news worth reading: “Are We on the Verge of a Polio-Free Africa?” Short answer: yes. Ebola “continues to claim lives, but there are glimmers of good news.” Watch this short, informative video on why Ebola spread in West Africa:  by Juggling life and school is never easy. I was really impressed by this student’s story: What’s working for college students taking online courses? I went to Arizona to find out: I went to Arizona this month to see the future of college. Got to meet some impressive students: Malthus wrote one of the most influential essays in history...but it’s wrong:  Nice work,. I like the creativity... a video game that could help train health workers on Ebola:  via How mobile money could help people in poor countries be more self-sufficient: Some creative South Africans made a backpack that doubles as a lamp for evening homework Dr. Ada Igonoh survived Ebola in Lagos. Her moving story shows health workers at their best: Dr. Ada Igonoh survived Ebola. Last week she handed me her story & it blew me away. She let me share it on my blog: Great meeting Angela Merkel- phenomenal to have support for global health w/Germany’s G7 agenda, & child health Just spoke to about progress on Ebola, malaria & other diseases. A real honor. Glad to see this story told. How Nigeria's anti-polio efforts armed it to fight Ebola: See how malaria is disappearing from the globe –150 yrs of history shown in 60 seconds. Cologne for cattle and other weapons to fight bugs: If you’re interested in learning about the world’s deadliest animal, nothing beats this book: 4 great reads on disease, including a book by one of my heroes: This December I’ll host a live chat with a few classrooms for the #HourofCode. You can sign up your classroom here: We’re in a position to eradicate #malaria within a generation. Here’s how:   #TropMed14 Work by a team could help predict and prevent the spread of malaria: This Hungarian astrophysicist is trying to fight malaria with curtains made of light:  via How many Africans live w/in reach of electricity but don’t have it? More than you might think: Most poor farmers’ tools haven’t changed in ages. These 4 inventions are making a difference: Thanks! This Science Dad couldn't be prouder. MT Happy birthday to…Saturday morning “Science Dad.” Cassava is the most interesting vegetable in the world. Six reasons it’s so fascinating: Hear from young innovators and entrepreneurs taking on the world’s toughest challenges 10/28 in Seattle 60 years ago, polio was putting everyone at risk. But people channeled their fears into a common purpose: From FDR to children in Pakistan and Afghanistan, reflects on the fight to end polio: Phenomenal. is committing $100 million to #TackleEbola. Here’s how you can help: Fewer go hungry than ever—but malnutrition is still a problem in some countries:  via At they’re using genetics—but not genetic engineering—to improve crops: “It really is all about sex.” - A University scientist on agriculture: My favorite part of visiting? Learning about the love life of plants: You may not have heard of Adm. Ziemer or the program he runs. Both have made a huge impact on malaria. Great profile: Life’s gotten remarkably better for the world’s poor. Explore this data playground to see how: Great visualization  Shows #Ebola spreads slower, is more fatal than other diseases. Income inequality is a big problem—and there’s more we can do to reduce it. My thoughts on Piketty’s Capital: Vaccines can save as many as 6 million lives—but needs your help to make it happen: It sounds odd, but the world really needs better insect repellant. This scientist is trying to make one: Did you know the body initially limits the spread of HIV? Researchers are trying to use this to develop a vaccine: When markets fail, philanthropy can step in. Lessons from 10 yrs of Grand Challenges: Pat Brown makes fake meat. I’ve tasted it and it’s pretty convincing. You hardly notice the plant blood… .@narendramodi has India talking about toilets—and that’s a great thing. #Ebola is a short-term crisis with long-term implications. How I think it will play out: “The best news you’ll see all day,” says. I can’t argue. “Avoiding excessive alarm is wise; avoiding excessive complacency, wiser still.” on Ebola in the US: Why poor countries deserve cheap, reliable energy: Midtown Manhattan uses more than all of Kenya. I let nerdfighter take over my blog to talk about saving lives in Ethiopia: How can software help teachers adapt to the unique needs of students? Two great examples: & I got to meet two bright students who came up with a promising invention: No, it’s not a new contact lens...This #ImagineCup creation could be a real life saver: There's a lot of green on this map–which is good–but still not enough.  #MDG This is a bright idea. A solar startup from the creators of #MPESA is catching on in #Africa:  via Well done, #nerdfighters! I love this GIF. Watch child mortality plummet around the world: “By ignoring gender inequalities, many development projects fail.” explains: How can we spark global progress? Watch live at 2pm ET  #2030NOW .@realjohngreen Happy to help reduce world suck! Had a wonderful meeting with &. How do shark attacks affect what we know about global poverty? Watch this great #TEDTalk: This is a pivotal moment for India. Here's what and I hope to learn on our visit this month: Countries that don’t engage women in the workforce lose up to 27% GDP per capita: You won’t see this banana at the grocery, but it is critical to feeding the world’s poor: Meeting with former NFL player Steve Gleason post-Ice Bucket opened my eyes to what life is like with #ALS: What does it take to climb out of the poverty trap? and I talked about it in Ethiopia: By fighting Ebola now, we can make sure it doesn't become endemic in W Africa. Join our CEO at #ebolachat at 9:30 am PT Neat. A home design trend from the U.S. provides a cheap health solution in Rwanda:  via The Vlogbrothers explain the Big Bang in this fast, fun video for: What does it take to get polio vaccines to rural Nigeria? These photos tell the story: How do we help 2.5 billion people escape poverty? Getting them banking services is a start: Ethiopian women have started naming their babies. explains why that’s a great sign of progress: Without #teachers, a classroom is just a room... Teachers at their Best Video:   |  #BackToSchool Take 7 minutes and see how makes farming both fascinating and funny: I love this course—and thanks to teacher feedback, it just got better. When you struggle to learn something, your brain actually grows. A researcher explains why you can learn anything: Phenomenal. Thanks to you, in 3 days we helped fund more than 9K teachers, reaching more than 900k students. Ending today... Projects are ½ off. Help support a teacher: Overwhelmed by support, we’ve decided to increase donation matching by $500K. Support a teacher here: Help teachers get ready for #backtoschool. This weekend your donations will have twice the impact: Smart apps for smartphones and smarter kids - Help a teacher today: Give to the teacher of your choice and we’ll meet you halfway… Read what teachers think about some really promising tools: Here are 6 tech tools that could make a teacher’s job easier: I got to demo some great technology for the classroom. These 6 tools look really promising: Good luck in your new job as CEO for. Thanks for your work. .@melindagates shares lessons and lesson plans from teachers she met this summer: “If you want to do the job well, you do not sit during the summer” and other lessons from inspiring teachers: I was blown away by this teacher: Learning a thing or two from WA Teacher of the Year Katie Brown. Brrr! I dumped ice water on my head to raise awareness for ALS. Over to you,,, and Good news for developing countries. Curing blindness is going mobile:  (via) Great bathroom reading… Researchers found a way to turn urine into energy:  via I couldn’t agree more: “What Today’s Economic Gloomsayers Are Missing” It may be #SharkWeek, but this little fly is WAY more dangerous: Here's what I learned on my recent trip to Ethiopia with: This is one of the best and smartest investments we can make in a child’s future (and it’s not a vaccine): Depending on where you live, cooking, sex and pooping are either 3 of life's pleasures or what kills you  via When people in extreme poverty get an animal, extraordinary things start to happen:  via When and I saw the terrible impact of malnutrition, we knew we had to do more to help: Can you draw a circle? Stunted children may not be able to complete even that simple task: 7 of the 10 countries with the highest prevalence of stunting are in Africa: Ethiopia’s economy is growing faster than China’s. So why do we still think about famine when we think of Ethiopia? #Malnutrition in Africa is more about food quality than quantity: See how children in Tanzania compare to the height of the average 9-year-old: A lot of people think of Africa as a continent of starvation. The truth is a lot more complex: In Africa, starvation is declining. So why are 40% of kids there stunted—not developing fully b/c of malnutrition? The world’s greatest thermos, and other impressions from my trip to Ethiopia w/: An introduction to the mind-bending world of quantum computing: Here’s the first video made from our trip to Ethiopia. He takes you inside an amazing newborn ward: Free summer reading: A chapter from the best business book of all time: There've been five extinction events in Earth’s history. Could human activity lead to a sixth? Here’s a summer book suggestion: Elizabeth Kolbert’s sobering warning about the environment: This funny and profound book kept me up until 3 am: We’re not there yet, but good research has produced the first dengue vaccine: These six fantastic books are on my summer reading list: #Nerdfighters, meet changemakers: and I talk to students in Ethiopia. The #RosieProject is one of the most enjoyable novels I’ve read in a long time: Income inequality is rising w/in many countries, but it’s been falling globally for two decades:  via Can social change be driven by one inspirational leader? Not in Teddy Roosevelt’s case: Tim Geithner could hold his own in an explanatory-metaphor contest with masters like Warren Buffett and Michael Lewis How would we remember Teddy Roosevelt today if journalists hadn't rallied support for change?: Really enjoying my time (and learning a lot) in Ethiopia with #nerdfighter If you’re looking for something to read this summer, I’d recommend any of these books: The publisher of my favorite business book is giving away a chapter. Download it for free: Warren Buffett, Adam Gopnik, and others help me pay tribute to a great business writer: Why did the Edsel fail so miserably? It’s a great case study: My favorite business book of all time doesn’t contain a single listicle: My friend lent me this book years ago. Here’s why I still haven’t given it back: Twenty years later, this is still the best business book I’ve ever read: I like the ingenuity… mosquito-repellent newspaper helps fight dengue in Sri Lanka:  via Who benefits the most from microcredit?  via Has Brazil's cash-transfer program helped reduce poverty? Interesting read: Great approach. A simple business plan is helping health services reach more of India's poor:  via How to get mosquitoes to breed themselves to death, via: There are now 9 countries in Africa where mobile money accounts outnumber bank accounts:  via Here’s a bright idea: let’s invest more in clean cheap energy: What’s wrong with thinking of foreign aid as charity? Plenty, says: Yikes. One state in the U.S. uses as much electricity as Sub-Saharan Africa (minus S. Africa): I’m still optimistic about a future with very few poor countries. I explain why in my first Office Mix: .@bjornlomborg argues that fossil fuels can fight poverty: We need innovation—LOTS of it—to make clean energy far cheaper and more accessible: This is one of the most vivid examples of life without electricity at home: I often talk about the miracle of vaccines. We need energy breakthroughs just as miraculous: For years, I took energy for granted. That’s before I started traveling to poor countries: Tony Lake calls for  2030 target for #post2015 of 25 child deaths per 1000. Tough but achievable. UN should endorse #A… .@melindagates and I had fun joining #NerdNation at Stanford last weekend. Here's a 90-sec snippet. Since 1989, 25M more kids reached their 5th birthday. Happy to join the #5thbday campaign: This mind-bending computer could help tackle problems we haven’t even imagined: Great trip to China to talk philanthropy and see new tech from. Just in time for #WorldCup, great graphic showing the range of economic growth in Brazil: Got to meet with Alibaba’s Jack Ma in Beijing to talk philanthropy – great conversation. In Beijing visiting’s startup accelerator- 20 new tech co’s with exciting ideas. It may not sound appetizing, but this fungus could help feed the hungry:  via Some people may call you a nerd. I claim the label with pride:  #Stanford14 .@MelindaGates and I shared four pivotal stories with’s graduating class: .@BillGates and I are honored to be a part of #NerdNation. Congrats to the #Stanford14 graduating class! My Diet Coke habit adds up to 35 pounds of aluminum a year. Here’s why it matters: Can we bring billions of people out of poverty without destroying the environment? My favorite author explores: The most staggering statistic in’s new book: How would you give away $50K? It's these students' final project:  via Three cartoons from that explain why farmers go hungry: This $2 bag helps fight hunger & malnutrition. And helps farmers earn more too: What can a map like this tell us about economics? Maybe more than you think:  via Global Poverty 101, a primer courtesy of: Ever wonder if mosquitoes pick on you? Well, they do. explains how they single you out: I love this developing story. Progress continues for the world’s poor:  via The man who helped rid the Americas of polio has died. Saddened to hear about the death of  Ciro de Quadros: Sea Kale anyone? Interesting approach to producing more food with less — Saltwater farms: This gripping video shows how Guinea Worm decreased by 99.9% in 27 years:  via The double-whammy of doubt and delays keep many college students from graduating. I'm impressed by this approach: Simple, but smart. This solar-powered device shakes mosquito eggs off the water’s surface: Poverty’s biggest challenge in 12 great data visualizations:  via It’s really amazing what can be accomplished in 10 short years. Happy birthday,: Foreigners are investing more in Africa than ever—and so are Africans: The best talk I saw at TED this year—it is fascinating and also deeply moving: This pink light could be important to the future of farming: Where we need to focus to put an end to preventable childhood deaths:  via Where we need to focus to put an end to preventable childhood deaths:  via Progress in Africa but losses due to communicable diseases still too high:  via How countries are progressing on Millennium Development Goals from new health report: .@ninamunk's new book on is a valuable–and at times heartbreaking–cautionary tale: Child mortality dropped 48% from 1990-2013, says data from:  via Where does your fruit come from? These journalists share the 3,200 mile journey:  via Life-saving innovations don’t have to be high-tech. explains in the: Yes, yes, and yes: “Fewer babies are dying around the world than ever before”  via Beautiful letter about “the moment a corporation had the audacity to make social need more important than profits.” Would you believe migrants sent > $120B home from the U.S. in 2012? A beautiful chart: This piece is long but makes a compelling case for why the world badly needs new strains of rice: .@TheEconomist makes a compelling case for why we need a second green revolution, and explains what the first one was The % of people in extreme poverty has dropped by 1/2 since 1990. Where do the remaining poor live? The Berkshire annual meeting is one of the best parts of being on the board of directors. A report from last weekend: .@TeachForAmerica I had many fantastic teachers but my favorite was Mr. Morris: Can you cook soup with no electricity? This fireless cooker might help:  via This documentary is a must-watch… Brave people share their stories of courage and loss: Thanks to everyone who spread the word about Mosquito Week. If you’d like to help, I recommend: Mosquitoes aren’t the only ones that spread malaria. Here’s how humans carry the disease: My notes from Cambodia, a trip that left me quite hopeful that we can eradicate malaria: Excited to begin as CEO of today! Fantastic mission, team, partners, and co-Chairs &… Meet one of the many scientists who are trying to outsmart mosquitoes: “I feel like I have this duty of accomplishing what others have started.” On a recent trip to Indonesia, I checked in on an amazing project to control the spread of Dengue: Why I agreed to let a cage of mosquitoes feed on my arm: “I awoke to what felt like lightning going through my legs”: What it’s like to have malaria: Hey, sharks are cool, but they’re not even close to being the deadliest animal: Which animal kills over 700,000 people a year? I’ll give you a hint: It’s not sharks. Had fun shooting this video with. Watch him do a neat party trick with fruit juice: Did you know the world’s population is growing at half the rate it was 40 years ago? Watch this map chart 50 years of temperature extremes across the U.S.: Why did US death rates stop declining in the mid-90s? A fascinating view from: I couldn’t agree more: Vaccines are one of the cheapest ways to save lives.  via Wait, Sherlock Holmes was inspired by a global health hero?  via In ’81, just 20% of the world lived on $2-$10/day. Today it’s 40%. What life is like for the “fragile middle class”: How does U.S. funding for global health compare to other countries?  via Costa Rica and Iran have the same GDP/person but that’s not the whole story:  via Some cool facts about your taxes that might ease the pain on April 15: I love this tool from. Calculate how much YOU spend on foreign aid: Wealth isn’t the only measure of human happiness. Here are a few others: It may be hard to imagine but conflict is actually on the decline:  HT Whom should we model our energy consumption after?’s glad you asked: Great update on meat replacements. How do we produce enough food without harming the planet? Angus Deaton’s book has helpful insights into global poverty, but it takes a disastrous turn in the last chapter: Did you know it’s World Health Day? Here’s one of my favorite books on aid, health, and poverty: How can humans bite back at mosquitoes?  #worldhealthday #wef On my trip to Europe this week, I heard some news that had me high-fiving a colleague: Here are 10 books and I recommended for the #TED crowd: Melinda and I think a lot about philanthropy and our kids. A pleasure to talk about both with Chris Anderson: In Paris with  Youth Ambassadors - inspiring commitment to end poverty. Great interview between and on how the world is getting much, much better: We are live online! Eager to talk with about ending extreme poverty. Watch the live stream at 9:45 a.m. CEST: In about 1.5 hours and I will talk about ending poverty. Watch the live stream here:   #StoptheMyth - thrilled to be here in Sweden and looking FWD to seeing you in a bit! #StoptheMyth Tweet questions to Bill Gates before or during the webcast starting at 09:45 CET Monday 31/3 . “Why did I start this business? There is only one reason. Women’s dignity” – The Poop Guy More Indians have access to cell phones than to decent toilets. Here’s what we can do about that: Here’s why it’s cheaper to #endpolio than control it: Thousands of teachers are taking their students on a 13.8B year journey with #BigHistory - now any school can join: #TED asked me to share one chart there. Here’s my pick: How can a country half its TB cases? #China had an ingenious approach: A $1 origami microscope? Interesting… Whoah. Love these 8 maps from: .@schoolincloud launches with #sugamitra at #TED2014. Incredible potential for cultural learning.  Join the global moveme… Congrats Leslie Lamport of for winning the Turing Award. His work is making the world a safer place: There’s a lot of misinformation about the Common Core Standards. Here’s a good explainer: Have you heard attacks on the Common Core? If so—listen to what these teachers have to say: Thanks for great chat last week about improving U.S. schools: It was hard to whittle down my favorite #TEDTalks, but I did. These 13 really inspire me: Fun chat with. Polio, climate change, nuclear energy, political gridlock, bioterrorism, and a lot more: RT Why is "obsessed with diarrhea": How do you get vaccines to 170 million children? See how India figured it out for polio: Interesting. To improve nutrition, hand out vouchers  instead of food, says Read about my visit with the biggest hellraiser I know: Aspiring filmmakers: Here’s a chance to make a short film about overcoming poverty for Sundance… “We can save thousands of mothers' lives-with better data” from: Interesting look at the past and future of one of my favorite organizations,: Notes from my visit to Haiti with global health hero Paul Farmer: How cell phones turned health workers in Malawi into info hubs.: Dropped by MS Techfest. Hard to describe how cool the work is. Simply amazing. What does your country’s carbon footprint look like? “We are fed a diet of negativity about ourselves these days, and we must not allow that to stand” Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala .@hansrosling says the world’s PIN code is 1114. Here’s why: I love hearing students’ ideas about how to change the world. Excited to meet finalists from this year’s: “My fridge uses 9x more electricity than the average Ethiopian” and other amazing energy stats This is promising: How 3D printing might unlock talent in poor countries: I wish we’d had these when I was in school: students giving their own #TEDTalks: “A few unimaginably brave people took on the entire globe.” on why he’s donating his book earnings: Nice piece on a high-tech pedicab and 6 other innovations from Africa: Good article about scientists who are trying to save lives by building a better potato: I wouldn’t have guessed that a map of population & income could be this beautiful:  via In 2009, #India accounted for 1/2 of the world's #polio cases. Here's how it became polio free, via 3 myths about education, the Common Core, and why they’re wrong: .@TheEconomist  article of the week: How the Buffalo Bicycle symbolizes #Africa's potential: Butler Lampson feted for his contributions to computer science. L-R Charles Simonyi, Chuck Thacker, Butler Lampson I had fun doing an #AMA on this week. Here’s a wrap up of some of the best questions: Thanks to my friend Larry Ellison for giving 100 million more reasons we can eradicate polio: LOTS of great info on climate change and food on this site from: Thanks for hanging out with me today,: .@reddit, I definitely would grab a $100 bill if I saw it on the street. I addressed that myth before my #AMA at 10: Hi, I’ll be answering your questions starting at 10am PST: Great work by Jimmy Carter and the. Because of their efforts, an awful disease may soon be history: Great piece on corruption in aid. And I’m not just saying that because of the headline… Behind the scenes with, and more from the Annual Letter launch: Thank you,. You've made a bold move and set a great example: This quick slideshow makes a persuasive case for the benefits of giving women the tools to plan their families: .@realjohngreen boils down this year’s Annual Letter in less than 4 minutes. His Portuguese is better than mine... I'm excited to welcome Satya Nadella as the new CEO. A great leader for a great company: Download the #NewU2Song 'Invisible' for FREE now and $1 goes to support's fight against AIDS. Good luck to my hometown! #SB48 What does it cost to save the life of a child? The answer may surprise you: Want to see something remarkable? Look how low child mortality rates could drop by 2035: My favorite stat: 20% of children born in 1960 died before their 5th birthday, but today that number is down to 6%: If the U.S. budget were a dollar, less than a penny would be spent on foreign aid: Myth: Foreign aid is a big waste: .@melindagates helps #stopthemyth: Saving lives won’t lead to overpopulation. Watch: The population is growing fastest where the most children are dying. explains: Myth: Saving lives leads to overpopulation: I got this one wrong the first time. True or False: Saving lives will lead to overpopulation? Here’s the answer: Stopped by to talk about  Got a 79-second chess lesson from: What happened to the % of people living in extreme poverty between 1990 and 2010? You might be surprised: In 1963, the world was constituted by two humps, the rich and the poor. But now this camel only has one hump: Myth: Poor countries are doomed to stay poor: The term “developing country” has outlived its usefulness. Here's why: Doubts about where the world will be in 25 years? Look at how far we've already come in the past 25: What happened to the % of people living in extreme poverty between 1990 and 2010? The answer is in my Annual Letter: In our Annual Letter and I debunk 3 myths that block progress for the poor: .@JimmyFallon and I made a viral video  #GatesLetterDotCom. Check it out then read my letter: The world is better than it's ever been, but I'm struck by how few people know this. Read why: I’ll be hanging out with and tonight. It should be fun! Great talking with,, and about "three myths": .@NickKristof – thank you! and I are happy to have a chance to raise attention on these issues and see the positive response .@billgates and I debunk myths that block progress for the poor in our Annual Letter .@melindagates and I released our Annual Letter. Read how life is improving around the world: I'm curious. What % of the U.S. budget do you think goes to foreign aid? Favorite if you think it's more than 2%. RT if you think it’s less. Melinda and I just finished writing our Annual Letter. It’s out 1/21. Sign up here: It’s taken many people to keep India polio-free for 3 yrs. I met with a few of them in Bihar: #India has been polio free for 3 years. A good reminder that global eradication is within reach: Saw Of Gods and Men recently with. It’s amazing. In 2014, great ideas will come from unexpected places:  via I think many people will be surprised by this video. Population trends are a lot better than you think: Research into urine power inspires bad puns, but the technology could be transformational: Fewer children are dying and fewer people are living in extreme poverty. Good news from 2013: An interesting take on which African country is doing the most to boost its energy supply: I love these 9 pictures that tell the history of #polio: Here’s what I’m looking forward to seeing in 2014: Saharan Africa: new AIDS infections dropped from 2.7 million in late 1990s to 1.6 million in 2012 You know about this year's #polio outbreaks, but did you know just how rapid and effective the response has been? 5 good-news stories you might have missed in 2013: I helped curate the daily brief. It’s filled with good news stories you might have missed this year: Great #malaria progress but we can't let funding flatline if we want to finish the job: In 2003, people thought’s trials were wacky, but today they are transforming development economics: How can we elevate scientists who refuse the lure of extremism & absolutism? Great comments so far: Had fun introducing next CEO Sue Desmond-Hellmann to staff. Welcome, Sue. We’re all excited to work with you. 7 books that the hard-to-please reader on your Xmas list might enjoy: Investing in health is good for people AND the economy: It’s a shame that extreme views get so much attention.’s 'The Bet' provides much-needed perspective: The 7 best books I read this year:  #greatreads I’m blown away by these numbers for #GivingTuesday: Here are 100 life-changing gifts for you to consider: I was 13 when I learned to write computer code. See how much easier it is to learn today: Remembering Nelson Mandela, his leadership in the fight against AIDS, and the story behind one of my favorite photos Every time Melinda and I met Nelson Mandela, we left more inspired than ever. His grace and courage changed the world. This is a sad day. People often ask us how they can help. and I encourage you to consider: I hope you’ll consider giving chicks, honeybees, a goat, a camel, or a: FACT: Deaths from #malaria in #Africa have fallen by 33% thanks to support There are all sorts of ways to give back. Get inspired by one of these projects: Why is #giving important to you? Share your story on: If you’re at a loss for Christmas gift ideas, you could give to someone who really needs it. #GivingTuesday: More treatment = fewer #HIV infections. What great progress:  via MT POTUS pledges to match every $2 from other countries w/ $1 from US to help defeat #AIDS – up to $5B in next 3 yrs! I’ve shared a lot of infographics, but I’ve never been in one. Until now:  #WorldAIDSDay Zoran Popovic is getting students excited about education by turning math into a game: 8 out of 10 people say they want to give to a charity. #GivingTuesday makes it easy: Big Data is helping find new uses for old drugs, like an antidepressant that might fight some lung tumors: What I want for Christmas this year (it’s not cookies…): “Sometimes you have to leave home to truly see it.” Lovely essay by astronaut: I’ve talked before about my favorite author Vaclav Smil. He doesn’t pull any punches in this interview: .@NewDealDesign designed a lab on a stick that would help small farmers take the guesswork out of planting: This Bluetooth-enabled amulet from would monitor health in remote locations: 1.2B people live off the power grid. This prototype from could make a big difference for them: First on my wish list: An all-in-one kit to reduce newborn deaths in the developing world.’s concept: Next month teams will compete to program Atlas, a humanitarian robot designed to save lives in disasters: An amazing story about health workers courageously fighting polio in Afghanistan: A model for delivering education to the world’s poorest children is taking shape in Kenya: My new post on - The private schools that could reshape education in Africa: Needle-free immunizations? They’d be a huge breakthrough. A peek at the future of vaccinations: Smart design can solve real health issues, like a condom that gives women control over their own protection: Check out the Waste Zapper, a solar-powered #toilet that recycles and sterilizes waste water: Toilets save lives. That’s a fact worth celebrating:  #WorldToiletDay What if we could prevent malaria by protecting mosquitoes instead of people? It’s an intriguing idea: What is most likely to cause your untimely death? I had to memorize the #GettysburgAddress in 3rd grade. I recently refreshed my memory for the new doc: .@CharlieRose is always a thoughtful interviewer. Our latest chat on tonight: Great #Seattle attractions featured in this month's. I weighed in with my favorite spots to grab a burger: .@JPAL_Global is taking a scientific approach to understanding poverty. Their findings are fascinating: I was excited to get a #Bambi award in Germany. I’m more excited by what Germany does to save lives around the world: .@erna_solberg Agreed. Great news on you co-chairing #MDGs Advocacy Group. Your leadership is key to speeding up progress on development. What are the best ways to improve health around the world? and’s Dr. Paul Farmer have ideas: These maps do more than point you to the nearest burger joint. They guide decisions that save lives: Four nonprofits that and I think deserve your support this #GivingTuesday: Sorry. You're not the center of the Universe! explains the meaning of life to Colbert I guest-edited the latest issue of. What does a guest editor do, exactly? I explain on my blog: .@BillClinton and I talked about the NSA, China & other topics in the latest issue of: 2 out of every 5 people on Earth today owe their lives to fertilizer. Yes, fertilizer: American exceptionalism isn’t dead, but it does need to be reimagined. Watch my conversation with: I guest-edited this month’s. It’s all about innovation for the poorest 2 billion: How much of the US budget would you guess goes to #ForeignAid? The actual number might surprise you: How much aid does your country give or receive? This is a great at-a-glance view: Schrödinger Inc.’s engineers and scientists are doing impressive work. Fight disease with code. .@HansRosling will change the way you think about the poor. Check out his upcoming talk on the: I’m not the only one who thinks students should learn to code. So does of the: I love how this course breaks down the history of the universe and explains how everything ties together: The #BigHistory series debuts tonight. It tells the universe's fascinating story. I hope you'll watch it: I don’t watch a lot of TV but I’ll be watching the new #BigHistory series. It starts tomorrow night: I hope everyone takes the course. It's phenomenal and free to everyone:  #BigHistory Meet the scientist who’s fighting malaria by sharing open data: Here’s a timeline of the fight against polio. Look at how much has happened since 1988: My friend Ray Dalio gives a simple (but not simplistic) explanation for how credit works: Interested in #science and how it can shape our world? I highly recommend these 13 #books: A new documentary on how polio was conquered in the U.S. and why we have to #endpolio everywhere  via 9 stats you should know about #polio, from the clever team: Leo Messi wants a final victory against polio. Polio is measurable and solvable. Eradicating #polio will save lives:  #EndPolio cc: #Africa will need much more energy by 2030. It’s hard to estimate precisely, but the gap is “massive”: Three charts from that tell one of the great success stories in global health: I disagree with first ½ of the headline here, but I like’s thinking about effective aid: .@ConanOBrien, you mean there isn't already a website for gym rats exchanging body oil recipes? Thanks for the idea! What are the prospects of ending extreme poverty? This interactive chart shows how far we've come since 1990: The idea that aid is wasted is just wrong. I recently spoke with the Sun newspaper about the impact of the UK's aid: The devastating effects of #polio make it hard to live a normal life. A surgeon in #India is working to change this: Hunger around the world is down 1/3 since 1990. Where is hunger still a problem? Here's a map: I got to wear a new hat today: magazine editor. Met w/ the team re December issue. You may have heard recently about and, two companies that are shaping the future of food: What was Thomas Edison’s greatest contribution? You might say light bulb or movie camera. I think it’s something else How #China, and others lowered the cost of one vaccine by 1000x: There are only 10 ATMs for every 100K adults in #Kenya. A telling graphic from: Energy storage solutions will help revolutionize the energy business. But are we investing enough?  via Last year we issued a call to reinvent the toilet. Now we’re issuing one specifically for #India: This is a cool new visualization of shipping routes. I read a great book about this recently: The battle against #AIDS is not over. But number of people dying continues to decline. How was this achieved? Read: What will happen to Earth’s temperature in your lifetime? This guide from the explains:  #climatechange Lots of interest in my comments last week about Ctrl+Alt+Del. Watch the rest of my chat: "The world of extreme poverty and disease may now finally be on its way out." Great column by: At a glance: the best #MDG performers in sub-Saharan Africa. I love this chart. It says we can stop 49 million deaths in 15 years. #MDGs On our last day at the U.N., and I did a bit of stumping. Here’s why: My wish list for the next round of #MDGs. It’s just four things… Waiting to address UN special event on #MDGs. Nice camera work,. Here’s my wrap-up of day 2 in NYC. Got to see leaders from #Chad, #Pakistan, and much more: Don’t feel bad if you can’t name all 8 #MDGs. Just consult this primer: Just posted a wrap-up of the first day of U.N. Week. What a way to start the week… Great stat from meeting President Goodluck Jonathan: Polio in #Nigeria is down 50% from last year. More on our talk A selfie from #CGI2013 as we sat down to talk for an upcoming story. The UK just pledged another £1 billion to fighting AIDS, TB, and malaria. What a great example for other donors. We won’t hit all #MDGs by 2015 but millions of children's lives have been saved. I dare anyone to call that failure: Everyone should know about the #MDGs, 8 goals that have revolutionized the fight against poverty. A good primer: At first I had reservations, but I came to love the Millennium Development Goals. Here’s why:  #MDGs News gets better on meningits. 94% drop in all forms of the disease due to vaccination: In 5 years, the number of #Kenyans living with #AIDS has dropped by 200K. Here's why: It’s really hard to track the spread of drug-resistant #malaria. A new fast test may help: “Let’s celebrate this new world record in the most important category there is.” When you see the term “global health,” think “saving lives.” That’s what it means. |: Progress towards the MDGs has been impressive. Are we ready to take the next step? weighs in: 850 days left, and still much work left to reach the MDGs… How do we speed up progress for the world’s poorest? One of the best investments we can make? Toilets. Here are 260 billion reasons why: The UN wants to know: What are your top priorities for making a #BetterWorld?  You can vote here: Thanks for your leadership. You've been a great partner. How can #Africa provide nutritious, affordable food to its growing population? report sheds light: How will Vietnam address its growing demand for energy? Interesting article from: Tonight is the premiere of TEACH, a great new documentary about teachers. A few thoughts about why it's so good: A new documentary on CBS tonight shows you just how hard teachers work and the challenges they’re up against. “Infectious diseases know no borders.” Why Nordic countries are pledging $750M to fight #AIDS, #TB and #malaria: Melinda and I had amazing teachers who inspired us. That’s why we supported “TEACH,” a documentary on CBS tomorrow: 4 teachers, 1 school year. See what they go through to reach their students: Informed post on Golden Rice, a GMO that could save poor kids from blindness. Need more coverage like this: Technology can help the poorest 2B immensely—only if bright young people keep entering the field. New LinkedIn post: Every child has a dream, and deserves the chance to see it come true. MLK's challenge remains - still much work to do New post: How to get our brightest people focused on our biggest problems: Teachers can create ‘boards’ to collect their favorite tools and share them with the community  #EdTechChat Innovative blocks a mosquito’s ability to sense humans. Interesting approach in fight against #malaria: The amazing story of, who went back to Nigeria to find out why he got polio there:  (via) One vaccine. Five diseases. 7 million lives saved by 2020. Thanks,. Check out the 2nd part of my blog talking about my experiences in Nigeria  #polio Why is on a cold chain distributing #polio #vaccines to remote places with? Watch: Here’s a great example of how teachers’ reviews make so powerful: .@Graphite is like Consumer Reports for educators. Join the thousands of #teachers who have already started sharing: Why did early empires rise and fall, and what can they teach us about modern times? This #BigHistory video explains: MT Join the Big History community where #teachers can share lesson plans, activities, and advice Big History is my favorite course ever. Today we’re launching a free version for teachers: “The will match 2-to-1 every dollar commits to fight #polio” – CEO A big issue in healthcare is reminding people to take their medicine. Here’s an innovative solution to the challenge: Innovations in health and development have helped make this a #BetterWorld.’s Chris Elias explains: One book I recently reviewed, “The Box,” inspired a project that tracked a shipping container all over the world “The Box” is about shipping containers. Sounds boring but is actually a fascinating look at global trade. My review: What does one of my favorite authors think is the most important invention in the past 100 years? "They were forced to pad their knees with pieces of tire just to crawl on the ground" on fighting polio Great news: 38% drop in #AIDS deaths in East & Southern Africa since ’05: #EdTech can make personalized learning widespread. We are excited to support these great ideas to improve literacy: "We believe the world changes when the boldest thinking is directed at the toughest problems." -@MelindaGates There are simple solutions that would save millions of newborns. So why don't more people use them? YIL (Yesterday I learned) that when you post a book review on, you shouldn't use the TIL subreddit: Can GMOs help save Florida’s oranges? This fascinating piece is stirring up lots of healthy debate: .@VaclavSmil wrote his latest book to “show what kind of bite we have taken out of the #biosphere.” My review: Humans consume 17% of all life on Earth every year… my thoughts on this startling stat: Did you know that there are now more humans (by mass) than all other land mammals combined? #TLDR version of my latest book review: Q: how much of “this” do we use up every year? A: 17% How much of the Earth are humans consuming? It’s a huge question. My favorite author tried to answer it: His books are complex, but is one of my favorite writers. I learn more from him than almost anyone else: Watch this video “Welcome to the Anthropocene” and read a book review from me on the same subject tomorrow: As part of’s sanitation work, we funded a new toilet that turns waste into clean water: Will the 21st century witness the rise of #Africa? These interactive charts from seem to say yes: Cool interactive charts from let you explore the world’s demographic future: “When we invest in women and girls, we are investing in the people who invest in everybody else” -@MelindaGates Can hunter-gatherers in New Guinea teach us about staying healthy? A discussion with author Jared Diamond: "Why do we use tech designed for London & L.A. when we live in Nairobi & New Delhi?" has an alternative: #TED fellow asks “What if the solutions to the world’s problems came from places like #Africa?” Watch: What do hunter-gatherers in New Guinea have to do with globalization? It's in my review of Jared Diamond's new book: Watching the newly discovered video of FDR in a wheelchair is another reminder of how important it is to #endpolio: Watch the #FacSumm starting in 15 minutes. Q&A (including online Qs) after my keynote:  #AskBillG Today I’ll be discussing the future of big data, ubiquitous computing & more #FacSumm. Live stream at Talking with Sal and the team at Khan Academy.  We will be posting video soon.  A great visit w an incredible team! Here are a few of the books I’ll be reading this summer. What’s on your list? I’m reading Jared Diamond’s latest book this week. I hope you’ll join me and share your thoughts. Details: This slideshow is a stark reminder of the devastating effects of #TB and why we can’t allow it to make a comeback: Child #HIV rates have reduced by 50% in #Botswana #Ethiopia #Ghana #Malawi #Namibia #SouthAfrica #Zambia. Read why How do we encourage tech companies to invest in big problems when markets fail?  via If I had to pick one thing to make cheaper and reduce poverty, it would be energy. Great to see this news: How we can harness Silicon Valley's talents to help the poor:  I don't agree with all of it, but a thoughtful piece. Can we encourage the market to create new tech that the poor can’t create on their own? says yes: A look inside the impressive research center that I toured, and other notes from my recent trip to India. Watch: Great to see #toilets & bug spray on list of 5 things that save your life every day without your knowing it: New cooler will ensure that #vaccineswork by keeping them cold for 35 days. Watch part 2 of my #toilet conversation on India’s with & Prannoy Roy: Teachers deserve tech that helps them do their best. helps them get it. Learn  & join Looking for summer reading ideas for the kids? The has some great suggestions on its blog: : Thanks for the opportunity. I'm a fan of and look forward to working with the team. RT JUST LAUNCHED change how #teachers discover great tools for their classroom. Join for FREE:  #ISTE13 Attn #Teachers: You deserve the best tech available. We’ve launched a free tool to help you find it. Join I believe we need innovative ways to fund new ideas. is like American Idol for social impact. Apply by 7-1: .@Graphite is helping #teachers bring the best #edtech to their students. Learn more:  & join: #Teachers and #edtech can do great things together; follow to learn more about this new app reviewing community. #ISTE13 How much has the world's population changed since 1950? Great visualization: Did you know life spans rose faster in the 20th C than ever before? Good news: Part 1 of my #toilet convo with & Prannoy Roy on:  Tweet questions #AskBillG "@GlobalFundnews is certainly a big investment, but it is one that will pay back many times over” - MT What disease has killed 1 billion people in last 200 yrs? Surprising answer: My colleague’s book #ConqueringTheChaos is worth a read for any companies looking to do business in India: Retweet this:  WHY? The Global Fund gets $1 to fight #AIDS every time it gets shared. I’ve shared a video from our family vacation to: My dad is 87 and still going strong. A few thoughts on what he’s taught me: My dad is the man I aspire to be. Here’s why: 3 lessons I have learned from about life, business & philanthropy: Excited to join the 200M+ strong community. My first post: 3 lessons I have learned from: An Afghan father explains the promise of #vaccines: “All I want is for our children to be healthy & happy” Watch: Encouraging news! #MenAfriVac has reduced #meningitis rates in #Africa to 10 year low: Thanks to everyone who came out in London today to help put an end to global hunger.  You've inspired us all!  #BigIf …and he’s in. discusses tackling hunger & what motivates him to do so. Listen now on #SaturdayLive Chatting on #SaturdayLive about feeding the world's poorest...  tune in! If you're in London, join me in Hyde Park at 2pm BST for the #IFCampaign rally to stamp out malnutrition. Tickets: On June 8th at #BigIF in London, I’ll be there to urge the #G82013 to end the tragedy of hunger. Join me: Live in 10min for the #IFcampaign  chat w young people using their voices to save lives .@Coollike, a young supporter of made this video about his #Tanzania trip to see how we can end hunger: Sat down w/ my friend Bono to discuss the good news about the global poverty rate. WATCH: To compete, U.S. needs to get all schools online. Glad to hear about today's announcement re #ConnectED Tomorrow I will be live chatting w/ at 6PM GMT. We will be rallying in Hyde Park on Sat: RT Some #FoodForThought from our ambassador on the effects of malnutrition in children Join me & Frank Kapeta from #Tanzania as we live chat about ending hunger tomorrow at 6PM GMT Poor countries that invest in farmers are reaping the benefits. Details from: At the UN preparing to discuss improving lives of the worlds poorest at Forbes Philanthropy Summit... Can 6 seconds help fight AIDS? Today it can. #REDWorldRecord Day 2 from India: Why I’ll never look at a bowl of dal the same way again: The #MDGs of halving global poverty by 2015 was achieved 5 years early. Can we get to near zero by 2030? I say yes: Before & after pics of a child’s brain show that treatment can save kids from malnourishment .@nytimes highlights Patty Stoneseifer’s (1st CEO) next chapter fighting poverty: Ending childhood hunger is the right thing to do, and it’s smart economics too. Powerful stats in this new report: This story about the development of the #rotavirus vaccine in India shows science at its best:  via Talking toilets with &, and other impressions from my day in India: Why is India so well positioned to fight poverty and disease? Two things: “If women everywhere had the power to determine their futures, the world would be forever transformed” Talking to re vaccinations & eliminating polio. Oz working with Gates Foundation on all these. KRudd Every single second is precious when our work is making sure all #womenandgirls can achieve their dreams. Very happy to announce further funding of $80m to help #endpolio. JG I had a great time on Australia's. Watch the Video:  #qanda No child should suffer from severe malnutrition. Read story of one child’s plight:  via Answered a few Twitter questions:  (Cc:) This isn’t just a pretty picture; its a #GrandChallenges grant & could help fight #malaria New research shows that #malaria parasite actually helps mosquitos find humans I’ve been learning a lot about toilets. Why? I recently explained: Learn why describes my friend as “the Jedi master of data visualization” Swiss researchers found a clever new way to fight #tuberculosis: #XboxOne is phenomenal. team is making a great product even better: I was moved by this photo essay featuring a few of the heroes who helped #endpolio in India: Powerful new video from featuring asking for your help to immunize all children & #endpolio: .@MelindaGates & I talked about why we support science. One reason? “scuba” rice I was curious: How many teachers get useful coaching? The answer blew my mind. My new TED talk #Infographic showing wildly different measures of Africa’s economic development. Read more: U.S. students rank 17th in reading & worse in STEM. How can we catch up? My latest TED talk: My latest TED talk, on one thing that would make us a more successful, more fair and more just country. WATCH: Organizing the 1st Global Vaccine Summit to #endpolio was a risk. We didn’t know how it would turn out. See why: MT Great news re promising results in the search for a new rotavirus vaccine: Today is’s #GiveBig day. Stretch your donations while giving to your favorite #Seattle nonprofits: In #AbuDhabi we secured $4B to #endpolio. My thoughts on this huge milestone on the road to vaccinating every child: Great piece by on the fight to #endpolio. We’re almost there & the U.S. gov can help finish the job: When Melinda & I learned how little useful feedback most teachers get, we were blown away. How to change that? WATCH "Technology doesn't determine the quality of the connection. Only you can do that" Watch speech Thanks to for shining light on progress in global health. Can’t think of more important work "Connect because I believe it will inspire you to do something, to make a difference in the world." #Duk… I always enjoy going on. Robert Siegel asks great questions. Why we must #endpolio: I have a bridge coach, but most #teachers get almost no coaching at all. We need to change that.  #TEDTalksEd Is Liberia the 2nd or 22nd poorest country in Africa? The answer is actually quite complicated. A new book explains: Enjoyed talking about America’s future with at #fiscalsummit. Video archive here: One thing we’re doing that isn’t fair to teachers and students and threatens US leadership:   #TEDTalksEd I am inspired to see new names pledging to make lasting investments in philanthropy  #GivingPledge The most important thing that #teachers want but don’t get:  #TEDTalksEd Happy to join #TEDTalksEdu hosted by. Lots of great speakers and ideas about US schools. Airs tonight: When did you know you wanted to teach? 10 beautiful responses from teachers:   #thankateacher #whyi… Talking about long term budget solutions with in DC today. #fiscalsummit Thank you to all the #teachers making a difference for students. Your dedication & hard work are inspiring. #NationalTeacherDay Join me and for a discussion on America’s future. Livestream starts now at  #fiscalsummit How to improve our schools? Was happy to join #TEDTalksEd on future of education. Airs May 7 Once again, and I competed to see who could throw a newspaper the farthest. I’m getting better. Looking forward to #FiscalSummit panel discussion on America’s future w/ (May 7, 9:40 EDT). Tweet questions to #askbillg. We’re working with Islamic Development Bank to #endpolio in Afghanistan, Nigeria and Pakistan and eradicate it forever #KSA #Gulf. Proud to be working with to improve children’s nutrition #UAE. #Gulf leadership is critical to the final push to #endpolio. I am grateful for their support. .@Alwaleed_Talal Thank you for your support to #endpolio. Together w/ we can win the fight against this terrible disease. is happy to partner w/@GatesFoundation to #endpolio, & waiting for further collaboration… So if we'll be spending 0.7% of national income on #UKaid - where does the money go? Find out here Yesterday I had a great discussion on Africa’s future w/ &:  #2013GC Welcome to Twitter. First ever Twitter bridge tourney starts now. I bid 3 Hearts. Warren is in the house. Greatest injustice of #ClimateChange? Those least responsible for the problem will be most affected: Can you imagine being the only family planning counselor at a busy hospital in India? Read Chandra Bisht’s story: How can science benefit the poor? Here's the case and I made to top US scientists on Sunday: Yesterday I met and interviewed Salim and Shika about how they helped to end polio in India! To our supporters, thank you so much! Your actions helped secure billions in funding to #endpolio .@BillGates: Only three countries to go! We strengthen Norway's commitment to the global effort to eradicate #polio. .@MishalHusainBBC Thank you for a great discussion about the world coming together to #endpolio How can polio eradication go from impossible to inevitable in 30 yrs? Global partnership to #endpolio. $4B pledged to vaccinate >1B kids. We have the opportunity to make #polio a thing of the past. UK support will protect 360m children and help #endpolio h… Join me for a panel discussion w/ #polio experts from around the world. How will we #endpolio? Find out in 30 mins: Welcome to. Always happy to see another champion for #aid in the 'sphere! Recently I saw firsthand how the’s project using mobile phones in Ghana is improving #maternalhealth: Imagine if had succumbed to #polio? Read his personal story & RT to support the plan to #endpolio thank you and the citizens of Norway for this incredible commitment which saves many lives. Amazing day in Abu Dhabi w/global leaders who are committed to saving lives. View my talk at 7:30 GST-  #endpolio In Mozambique is making sure #vaccineswork by improving logistics w/ mobile tech. Learn more and How do you get the immunization rate in Mozambique from 69% to 95%? Just ask:  #vaccineswork 400 scientists from 80 countries believe #polio eradication is not just an aspiration: .@HHShkMohd Thank you for your very kind words. I am looking forward to working with you this week to #endpolio. #vaccineswork It's hard to appreciate the impact of vaccines. How do you visualize the idea that 20 million lives will be saved? .@KofiAnnan: the benefits of tackling #polio - and the risks of failing. Why we must finish the fight:  #vaccineswork I'm headed to Abu Dhabi to meet with global health leaders who, by working together, will #endpolio RT Our collective effort to eradicate #polio is close to success: Great insight from a hero on the front lines of India’s fight against Polio. Video:  Q&A: South Korean aid generosity saves lives. At Nat'l Assembly today - even is helping w Polio eradication. A great talk w/students at Seoul National University today - they are an inspiring group.  Thank you for hosting us! Business plays huge role in fighting disease. UK car maker built iron lungs for #polio epidemic:  via Thanks for 20 yrs of great insights. Anniversary issue has a great oral history of how it all got started: Pentavalent vaccine protects a child from 5 dealdy diseases New partnership will save 7M lives Another reason I am confident we can #endpolio: Even remote villages are now within our grasp. Read:  via India wiped out polio. What’s next? Two good ideas in:  #endpolio How do you build a vaccine program for a country of 25M people? Insights from the hero in charge of Ghana’s system. Ghana raised immunization coverage thanks to heroes like Hanna who vaccinated 10K kids last year. VIDEO: Great idea: offering “battery university” for this fast growing & critical industry: Why foster an ecosystem of new learning models? Good explanation:  #edtech Pres. Carter, your work fighting guinea worm is a true #globalhealth success story: My essay for The Cairo Review on why "almost" eradicating polio isn’t good enough. Wonderful opportunity to speak with delegates and learn from them as well. Read about my trip: Great article: “You don't go into technology without caring about changing the world.” - Tantalizing research identified anti-bodies capable of neutralizing #HIV. Could lead to a vaccine: South Africa is on the forefront of research for customized #HIV treatments. Why is their approach working so well? Innovation doesn't require new inventions partnering w/ to use supply chain to deliver medicine What does it take to get protein on your plate? Tasty recipe for chicken-free strips w/ vegetable salad from our friends: Global support to fully fund the plan will be key to #endpolio by 2018. Great overview: Revealing article. GDP isn't the best predictor of welfare. Great read: Talking about great teaching at #TED Talks Education rehearsal in Brooklyn this AM.  Airing on PBS in May. .@George_Osborne: Thank You for your support on UK foreign aid. The impact on lives saved will be tremendous. I'm for accountability, but I understand #teachers' concerns when it comes to evaluations. My op-ed: RT What can you do to help? Join today. Every person can make a difference #TEDxChange New #crowdsourcing platform lets organizations harness the public's creativity to catalyze social action: How are disruptive ideas making a better world? Watch in 20 minutes: Watch host. “Positive disruption” is something we can all get excited about: Tony Hey from recaps the Global Grand Challenges Summit w/: 1 yr increase in life expectancy can increase GDP by 4%. Agree w/: Global health must a part of the MDGs: Innovative & clever new project from &: “Explain It Like I’m Five.” One topic: #existentialism Incredible work on nutrition and education in Ghana, thanks to &. Read more: It was an honor to meet Ghana’s President. He is tackling important issues with enthusiasm & determination: PHOTOS: My trip to Ghana where I saw what is working & what can be shared with other countries Ghana has made great progress on issues like infant mortality, telecommunications & economic growth. #Infographic: RT Can you invent a better condom? $100K challenge to modernize a life-saving tool:  #HIV RT Data in the 2012 #MIFIndex showed #Ghana ranked 7th with a score of 66.3/100: What makes Ghana’s immunization approach work so well? Rigorous data gathering, accountability & community outreach: RT Check out this upcoming MOOC on food system sustainability. .@michaelpollan answered a few of my questions on #FutureOfFood. He argues new meat alternatives are better than ever In Ghana to learn more about the amazing progress this country has made: Lots of reasons to rethink how eggs fit into the #FutureOfFood. has created a lower cholesterol alternative: Salt is essential to survival, but too much sodium endangers health.
Innovations for alternatives:  #FutureOfFood Everybody deserves the ability to eat protein but meat production will stress our food system. Could innovation help? Don’t believe the #FutureOfFood tastes like chicken? Mark does & has more reasons why you should try it I love burgers but has a recipe for “chicken” Tikka Masala
that is really good: Innovative companies like are taking on the challenge of creating the #FutureOfFood. See more VIDEO: Feeding 9B people w/ protein (usually meat) by 2050 poses problems for our environment. What can we do? Historic achievement as UK commits .7% GNI to aid. The impact on lives saved will be tremendous. Learn more: Hilarious short video from asking "What has aid ever done for anyone?"  #aidworks #if Why do I care about the UK Budget this week? Because UK aid saves lives. Find out more in my op-ed: Watch this inspirational #TED talk:  If you are a "factivist" like #Bono, its hard not be an optimist, like me. How does anything go viral? is getting closer to figuring it out. Impressive new video:  cc: Important article from about the need for energy miracles. We must drive investment & innovation: I'm blown away - 131 members of my Catapult team in only 3 days! Thank you to and so many others.  ... .@MarketplaceAPM teamed up with to find out what employers really want from college grads: Still a long way to go, but is right about #MOOCs. “Stuff learned” more important than “Time served”: Couldn't agree more with these UK CEOs, aid IS a smart investment: Cool visualizations show how digital & physical worlds are coming together. From Join me on and help unlock the amazing potential of #girlsandwomen around the world:  ... .@MelindaGates: “Disruption can be a positive—even vital—catalyst for change.” Join the TEDx on 4/3/13: Often lost in the debate about GMOs is the need for poor farmers to have choices in the face of hard conditions. .@BillGates has written an excellent critique of Why Nations Fail by Acemoglu and Robinson. - we had to leave before the match was over, but the blue team was up by a point. Answering students’ questions starting in 45 minutes. Should be fun! A robot soccer match at UT Austin - very exciting! I'm to meet with students and learn about #edtech innovations. Watch my Q&A at 1pm PST: Teachers: is giving you free Group Video Calling to celebrate World Read Aloud Day.   #WRAD “Why Nations Fail” tries to explain why some nations succeed & others don’t. I'm not sure the book succeeds. Why? Why keep fighting Polio? Success has benefits for so many across the global health spectrum. Read why in my Op-Ed: Still work  to do, but I'm incredibly optimistic when it comes to Africa. Great progress as seen in: Ending polio will protect future generations and pave the way for other life-saving interventions  ... I couldn’t be more excited to have on board to help #EndPolio. Ground breaking innovation makes the world a better place, witnessed on my visit to Dean Kamen’s lab. PHOTOS: Bono asks us all to become "factivists" at TED.  I'm in!  #ted2013 .@codeorg gets my passion for computer programming education. A cool video:   #CODE #Polio is 99% eradicated. Join me & as we work to finish the job and #EndPolio. VIDEO: This might not be as crazy as it sounds...Belgium plans artificial floating island to store energy:  via Learned more about maize and wheat thanks to Carlos Slim and CIMMYT. Great things happening in MX with #agdev. Today it's hard to imagine the steam engine was once “The Most Powerful Idea in the World”. Book review  #BillsLetter Personalized learning could dramatically improve #literacy. Have an #edtech idea which might work? A Challenge: Really enjoyed my #AMA. Great questions from Redditors. My answers: What am I doing? Conservation agriculture – a key to productive farming. Learn More: I’m headed to Mexico to spend some time with Carlos Slim and the team. Why?  #AgDev Help poor #farmers to increase #ag productivity? One can't do that alone:  #Ag4Dev #Ag Thanks for a great #AMA,! Before my first #AMA at 10:45am PST, I answered some popular questions: Excited to start my first #AMA at 10:45am PST: Ask me a question Thread  Photo  #BillsLetter It seems that Redditors love. What will they think of his latest video? We have an opportunity to accelerate progress against poverty, hunger, and disease in the years ahead. Read more: An #MDG we have already accomplished? Halving Extreme Poverty. Learn more at my Annual Letter: Global childhood mortality has been reduced by nearly half since 1990. How? As of January 2013, India is 2 years "polio-free". Learn why: .@melindagates and I saw incredible teacher mentorship in Colorado. Learn more in #BillsLetter: Ethiopia has reduced child death by 60%. That is phenomenal. Watch this video to learn more: Ethiopian parents used to wait to name children b/c many didn’t survive. What has changed? Read:  #BillsLetter An inspiring collection of hopes and visions for women and girls by 2030  #MyHope2030 Ethiopian parents used to wait to name children b/c many didn’t survive. What has changed? Read #BillsLetter & find out It was a great honor to give this year’s #Dimbleby lecture. Listen to the broadcast at 19:32 GMT: .@HansRosling says “We must measure how countries are progressing. Only by measuring can we cross the river of myths.” Great letter from about poverty, equality & the huge importance of data & measures. An important read ... Why do I care so much about measurement? It’s not as odd as it seems. Watch my video: Watch this video about my Annual Letter for 2013:  #BillsLetter Had a great time w/ on. Tune in tonight & read the letter: .@BillGates writes: 'Invest in better teaching’  For more info download:  ... Thank you to everyone who took my quiz and signed up to get #BillsLetter. Download: Great discussion w/ on about global health. Learn more about #billsletter We achieve amazing progress if we set clear goals & find measures to drive progress toward those goals.  #BillsLetter MT Chatting with at about bill's annual letter, Achieving the #MDGs will lift many out of poverty. How much $ will it cost? Take my quiz: Want to be notified when my Annual Letter for 2013 is available?   #BillsLetter .@billgates says data and a commitment to following the numbers can improve lives around the world. Curious about my Annual Letter? Preview: "We need innovations in measurement."' plan to fix the world's biggest problems: My Annual Letter for 2013 will be released next week. Get notified when the letter is available:  #billsletter Why write an Annual Letter? I'm excited about the progress I see on some of the world's toughest problems. Great submissions coming in! Lots of people sharing powerful #HopeFor2030 videos & photos: Soon, it will be time to update the #MDGs. What’s your #HopeFor2030? Share a video or photo: Listen to my conversation w/ Norwegian PM tomorrow at 3pm Norway time, 2pm GMT: Very cool: team were able to identify #Tuberculosis with a breathalyzer.  via Science matters. has compelling argument re: vaccine safety and mercury. Let’s "stick with the science". In 1986, Guinea worm infected 3.5 million. Last year, just 540. What changed? Leadership and political will. .@melindagates & I were honored to spend time with Desmond Tutu during our recent trip to Africa. Photos: Bono talking tech? Great Q&A where he talks about progress on global heath issues. India's two year polio-free anniversary is one reason why I'm optimistic we can end polio. How? Via #Mobilemoney can transform the lives of 1.8 billion people who have access to a #mobile phone but not a bank.  ... Nearly 1.4m died from  #tuberculosis in 2011, so it’s exciting to see new tools in the fight against the disease: 2012 was a good year for #globalhealth. outlines some of the impressive progress & what else needs to be done: .@NBA players including & joined to fight #polio in Kenya: Kenya’s M-Pesa proves that when people are empowered, they will use digital tech to innovate on their own behalf: .@GravityLight is a pretty cool innovation which could be a source of cheap light in developing markets. How? .@KofiAnnan’s tenure was marked by great accomplishments including the creation of #MDGs. My review of his book: .@melindagates guest edited’s Today program. Highlights: Find out which ASCD book made' 2012 list of top reads  And get your copy here  ... Very cool data from IHME about diseases that have an impact on economic growth. A few surprises: The update of the global burden of disease is now published with very useful #dataviz tools from IHME: Most think you are either born with good memory or not.’s book might make you reconsider. 2012 favorite: Sir Gordon Conway’s “One Billion Hungry: Can we Feed the World” was one of the best books I read in 2012: Ezra Vogel’s book about Den Xioaping is remarkable. One of my favorite reads of the year. My review: I've just posted my favorite reads in 2012. What were your favorites? Make your donations count. provides great information on the impact non-profits are actually having. .@TIMEBusiness has some good advice about picking #nonprofits to support with your hard-earned dollars: "How to Give it Away: 5 Ways to Make Your Charity Dollars Go Further." Thanks for the mention!  ... .@GreatNonprofits is giving donors, volunteers & recipients a new way to share ideas & success stories. Very Cool – double your dollars for STEM projects. Code: HOLIDAY People always ask and I “How can I help?” The answer gets easier and more fun all the time:  ... Innovative & transparent orgs making a big impact: What organizations are revolutionizing giving? and I highlight some of our favorites: Energy R&D is critical. is funding some interesting new ideas for energy storage batteries:   via .@MSFTResearch has teamed up with to fight #TB in India. Better data = better outcomes: EcoMotors Design Challenge judges, including, picked the design most likely to reshape the future: Great read about one of the world’s best thinkers when it comes to business – Warren Buffett: Progress in 2012 has made for the most convincing case yet that ending polio is possible. Video: Thanks to everyone for spreading the word on #WorldAIDSDay. Still much more to be done--every day! So start here:  ... Listening to women shouldn't be a big idea in 2012, but it is. There should be #NoControversy in a better future.  ... Last day to vote for in #GivingAwards. Vote here:  & empower kids with #educatio ... Great video from. If we stay the course, we can end this disease. Take a look:  #startswithme #WAD2012 