again, stenography isn't journalism. Discovering friction is. and while you were transcribing you could have put in the calls to MobileIron and Good Tech. Google briefing and publishing a blogpost about an already announced initiative is hard to see as "news". MobileIron, Good Technology could give you views. Then you'd have a better piece all around. it just happened to cross my radar. No personal agenda. What about: why hasn't Android got further into work? actually I'm also taking issue with the culture of unquestioning stenography. you're not allowed to ask to write a better piece than your assignment? To say "shouldn't this have some outside views?" book launched in 2012 and earned back advance many times, thanks. did I miss the part where you got the opinions of people *outside Google* on its plans? No, I didn't, as there aren't any. the worst kind. 1,000 words of blah. perceived security, perhaps. A rewrite of a corporate blogpost. Complete waste of time. No outside opinion, no extra detail. Genius Ant as Taylor Swift wins award at Brits: "Like to congratulate Kanye West for staying in his seat during that." very concentrated in gov and certain biz users - consumers abandoning at quite a rate. thanks - always interested to hear what things bug people. why? sounds like a result. Though have no idea how you'd notice. thanks, interesting, esp the watch stats. smart. ? how do you get it before it's published? ah, thought that would be the case. sounds interesting. (Though doesn't Amazon already get that on Kindle?) link? plan. Come up with a better data visualisation than the Bank of England. (Real comp, real data.) Reposting a CC-BY-licensed piece on my blog wouldn't be lazy if the piece is great, would it? hrm. There have been a lot of false summits. Steve Jones (the snail/genetics guy) would be the one to ask. Your call is very important to us. Please enjoy this 45 minute flute solo. it's more akin to discovering a PC and then opening it up and trying to understand the ICs while learning electronics. we can identify the genes. We just don't know quite how they work, and keep learning new stuff all the time. human ontogenesis is not susceptible to Moore's law. if you don't know the economics of adware, read up. cost of understanding genome: still unknown. extra for generic because there's nothing extra to yield margin. Dollars per install needed bcs consumer PCs almost zero margin. now decide how much extra consumers will pay for it in a market where price determines sales brutally. This is the best tweet ever: he's here again (though you've probably finished and moved on to Selling England by now). it's not the West. It's the US. yeah, occurred to me after I said it that biz users would have that. It's consumers who don't (or increasingly don't as BB7 dies). fascinating - thanks from all brands, or only Lenovo? Any Lenovo PC buyers come across something called "Pokki menu" preinstalled? true, except at that time it was getting SLA money. That's pretty much gone now, yes? @EdmondLococo still not sure I agree about that "holding steady". Let's await results in March. as I said elsewhere (and in the article), the question is whether it can have enough users to create viable handset demand. @EdmondLococo BB handsets sold in 2013: 18.2m (per IDC). In 2014: 6.4m. How is that "holding steady"? @SirSteven that's what the story says. Consumers going. 👍👍👍 @SirSteven to..? when insanity is indistinguishable from really great trolling. @SirSteven strange it doesn't just do online sale. Guess that upsets carriers too much. @SirSteven yup. The problem I see is when the user base isn't large enough to drive viable handset replacement volume. "Blackberry is losing 56,000 users every month in the UK." wow… how long until it's at zero?  (Guardia… is market pressure on law firms simply due to excess supply of lawyers? Or what? ah, yes - I'd seen something like that but forgotten it. Thought-provoking. nope. or perhaps it's some of the functions? Would like to know more. really? Isn't a lot of law about close interpretation of language and action? Would have thought that's beyond machines. "I'm going into the alien spaceship now. They look friendly." the <del> code didn't come across so what should say 24 says "23 24".. interesting question though. email me - chaerles.arthur@gmail.com Think the one about fluoridation is a #qtwtain for pretty much exactly right. just looked at release - eMarketer says 70%, Kantar I think passed 70% last year - not at all - tells us so much, for those who know how to interpret it. thanks Matt. Love the Ofcom data. Morning On your question about UK domestic landlines... it's gone up! @GerritD picking a nit, but there's no evidence blackberry handset sales have stabilised. one of the first services to support Bitcoin, was seeing only 2 transactions a week at that rate it's about 15 months. big engineering companies with military/police connections tend to move cautiously. true. eMarketer press release should be on wires/ its site very soon if not already. from memory it's about that. fewer owners = fewer buyers for handsets = lower revenue = profit hard to find. Chen wants to sell 10m per year; 2014 = 5.8m By me: BlackBerry UK consumer users to dip below 1m, from 8m peak in mid-2012, as thousands per month go rounding error? Start up: should phones be thick?, toward 7nm, Volvo self-drives, S6 shortage?, Siri's successor Viv, and more didn't respond to me (it's outsourced to a PR agency). By me @ Guardian: BlackBerry left on the line as UK users continue to hang up It's on 50 Shades: @jandawson ah, so we're getting somewhere. Now you need to pick a sales number below which it's "disappointing". @BenedictEvans sure, but SSD storage was coming down the pike really fast. Replace HDD. Well, except price... hm. @BenedictEvans true, but still means Facetime is patent-encumbered, and can't be an open standard, unless VirnetX agrees it's waiting for the night bus. @BenedictEvans not quite: "the court did rule that Apple infringed on some of the claims in VirnetX's patents". (where he said it:  ) Here's a number: is predicting 20m this year. If it hits that, would it be a success by your count? first of hers I've read. I'm truly loving it - honest. what you said there is "a number that's less than a number I think other people are thinking of, but haven't stated." that's not a number. If you're going to make a prediction, a number might be useful. I'm really enjoying Kate Atkinson's "Life After Life". I've started it dozens of times and keep ending up in different places. Twitter's global head of developer and platform relations, Jeff Sandquist, departs after less than 18 months (faving counts as a silent LOL, Matt.) 10 years ago? In Feb 2005? When Apple was working on the iPod nano for September? Fire that CTO. Didn't know tech. would one of yours be "more ex-technology journalists"? define "disappointing"?  ah - could be the under-13s? I think that's the lower cutoff point for Comscore. what prompted that? @reneritchie the poll wording seeks the answer it gets. Show us the evidence of people buying bulkier phones for battery life also, you're projecting. You'd like to think people resent battery packs. No evidence they really do. @reneritchie I'm using 6+. No prob with pockets. @mims no. You have two items, one of which you can leave at home if you choose. I usually do. @mims I've never wanted to trade my phone for a heavier one. Ditto laptop. @mims a phone you don't like using does not make you productive. This is empirically obvious. now there's a coincidence. departure board did for me. ha, very true. I was going to mention the scenario where both hands occupied with luggage and/or children, so watch is perfect Re comments on Apple Watch article: now I know who these people are that block the concourse to look at th… uh huh you meant pundits? BTL just the same. everyone's accessible unless they're dead. It's just a question of how easy they are to get hold of. makes me wonder when those people express doubt, and about what. @monkbent "garbage out, 85% garbage in." you just couldn't type fast enough on your Band, admit it. @monkbent where's this 85% Chromebook stat from? you can almost hear Steve Jobs trying to punch through his coffin oh, it was just your tweet.... anyhoo. it's not only size, it's (1) orientation [90deg wrong] and (2) availability of hands to operate @jonhoneyball the video by shows him using it two-handed! Holding in one hand, typing with other. Good grief. @jonhoneyball dump the keyboard, stick with speech. Or figure out a better keyboard - T9 would be possible. ah, took me a while to catch up. thought capture the essence: we prize weight over almost everything for these personal devices. they still do! @jonhoneyball I suspect most people would wear it on outside, and it's *still* a two-handed layout. @jonhoneyball yes. It's 90 degrees wrong. At least it seems to have sparked a comments goldrush. Well, I say 'gold'.. @jonhoneyball it's a two-handed keyboard layout on a keyboard on one wrist facing up your arm. It's stupid. did you see the iMore piece by? beats "Not Wanted On Voyage", I guess does it provide someone with itty bitty fingers to operate it? I wouldn't have a hope. Also: stupid. @BenedictEvans looks like the "Casio FTW" model ta @BenedictEvans then again, the technology for making razor edges has gone extinct in Hoxton. Beards everywhere. @iamstan I fear we're only a couple of steps away from sending parcels. Of tech-related things. it's the fact that only left here recently that's so worrying. Is San Francisco really so backward? is going to discover tap-and-pay with debit cards on the tube next? It's like he's been raised by wolves for a year. you've been in the US too long. tell me about it *grinds teeth* @mims they are. Possibly they curve like space-time. thanks, Gordon thanks, Edwin @mims *unsurprised face* in UK? ..at one point, Isis *were* the Syrian rebels. In a sense, they are, because they're fighting its gov. Consequence of delaying action. who? Related: Craig Silverman (who created) says online media too often publish stuff w/o checking I dunno, there's a hell of a sea running the other way. As says, game: click link at article end in search of original. listicles perhaps, but certainly tons of things are just direct rewrites. Ask. yes, that's very true. But equally, I think some aren't shown what to do - news eds don't throw enough stuff back. Groundhog+ Day (Also, it was pointed out I'd overlooked interview of Jony Ive's father, so New Yorker's Ian Parker spoke to 24 people for the article.) I wrote about what the New Yorker profile of Jony Ive shows about modern journalism (and how we should try to do it) @kentindell there's Camiocam  though doubt it goes to iCloud. But iCloud-connected? So hackable. @gcluley nothing has hair like Kim Jong Un. “I have to admit that I thought the Kardashians were aliens in Star Trek.”  via Where do I find readership figures for European tech publications and blogs ? totally. Your phone is actually the one Google relies on. you could try changing the system clock? On Google? Ah, I knew we'd had something like this Google/adult content thing before. From June 2013: @stuartdredge and they twirled their moustaches (even the ladies) and said "well, well! DING DONG!" "artistic, documentary, etc". Rather like Mr Crashed-My-Car-For-Performance-Art. Google abruptly bans naughty nudieness from Blogger. Haven't we had this before? all good, thanks. bah! There's been a tweet every morning for months now! ummm, they might, though it would be unlikely, as you suggest. thanks, Alexia. One day you can ask me IRL. Start up: neural nets explained, Google's spiralling spend, adieu Nest!, men and their comments, and more @monkbent great description of a self-aware descent into irrationality, though. there may be a subtle change underway. Think the failure of Glass with consumers will turn out to be a key moment in retrospect. the Overture stuff? Or just the general slanging? Google/Overture is well-known... isn't it? congrats, John. Look forward to it. Maybe GMSV can live on... they've only recently passed 1m, but yup, that's a surprise. (Cardboard a bit cheaper than a watch, I guess.) (thanks, btw) three minutes! You read fast. (Or maybe I'm slow.) BTW if you start a tweet with someone's @, only those who follow both see it. "How not to find a boyfriend". Do not be any of these men. I enjoy reading on paper and screen equally, but I do cherish the way print doesn't suddenly open up mid-page, to try a… I don't think the US realises quite how backward it is when it comes to money. would have thought banks might prevent "never" as an option. so clarify - when does GW require internet access? not at all, it Just Happens. $AAPL trading at $929/share pre-split @CosmosMagazine "we found people spent more time looking at the picture than reading your words, so you're fired." @CosmosMagazine isn't that an in-app level of Monument Valley? thanks Mark. given that those are three of the least malware-troubled platforms, it seemed very odd. for Sony, yen has been depreciating (need more yen to buy $) for past three years. they'd be dust beneath our feet in minutes. for GWallet or Apple Pay? For either, it's negotiating with banks. no, it isn't - Google would need to work with banks to implement it. Google Wallet? Or Apple Pay? yes. Wondered where Android was on that. they're OK for cash. Financial services is actually their best-performing division. Not sure what finances it serves. image sensors seems to be a good business. Difficult to dig through the numbers bcs it sells to itself too. I had - but thanks, backup always helpful. Looking back at past Sony financials, when the yen was high it was "unfavourable", and now it's low it's unfavourable too. coming soon. yes, good point. yes. It's more complicated than it seems at first, though. Working on a piece about this. rumours suggest Samsung has already put LP into S6. I don't know what comparative user experience of GW/AP is like. Google buys Softcard and strikes deal to preinstall Google Wallet on Android phones. Now it gets interesting. Three-way split. (also, you read fast) was a long time ago. The universe was just an infant. Committing acts of journalism: the New Yorker profile of Jony Ive Microsoft’s Oscar win: Prediction model nails 20 out of 24 awards  via quick slosh of emulsion should sort it. Male commenters more likely to post negative comments, much less likely to acknowledge that gender bias exists "nobody told us it would be hot in the Middle East in summer!" why is the logo the right way up on the screen and the wrong way up on the computer but? The claim that #macklemorejoinedISIS is FALSE: great piece. .@Anki is one of the most innovative companies I’ve met & plans for future of toys is exciting nice @ianbrownoii who is the "he" who was briefed in this context? Headstone of the future?

via: *estimated Cameron withdraws support for Rifkind - PM's official spokesman refuses to express confidence in his ISC chairmanship or h… thanks, Mathew. Another 'kipper smoked. Getting elected seems a sure-fire way for UKIP candidates to get expelled from the party @counternotions is that charted? Would think as solar improves there must come a crossing point. (Except wind is 24hr) @IanMorris78 hmm, seems to be owned by a David Rothschild with a Yahoo email. Registered dcember 2009. they drive  - might be people using that.. Nice work, Microsoft prediction engine (on 18 Feb) @counternotions that looks like Invasion of the Red Minions I have a Wear app just like Departure Board. It's really useful! @counternotions I'd have thought a combo of wind/solar/hydro could be effective. Even in Ireland. I don't think it does - it's too small scale, early-adopter. @dafiveid yup. I'd expect really premium apps to be free, but have high subscription price to the real service. If the watches cost a lot, there's probably a market for REALLY premium app prices. What does a luxury app… that's a very good question. By me @ Guardian: Will the launch of the Apple Watch spark the next app goldrush? "the tide-powered car is our most amazing product ever" renewables. I think those Danes have wind or wave. Ireland probably has tidal washing over the peat bogs. Congrats Laura. MT: 18 mths ago journalists were criticised for assisting Snowden disclosures. Last night one of… Fear of a Black Thanet #ukiphop Apple to spend $1.9 billion on new European data centers and you were right! Amazed any survived that long. Jack Straw sounded like a man who was waterboarding himself. app is being renamed after lawsuit so won't have "here". politicians give interviews. chances of being in what? As good as any reason why social signals aren't a magic solution to link signals in Google > A look back at Anthony Lane’s review of “Birdman”  #Oscars2015 Neat: arrive at meeting location, tap app to alert attendees (and send yr business card). Often need this. @julesmattsson yeah, those ones are no respecter of Do Not Disturb settings. the reason it was asked though is that asked it of himself on his blog. So might be no today, but... it does, inasmuch as it's VR, but lighting tech seems different. thanks Gregory. Start up: Siri's smart sibling, testing Magic Leap, more Superfish flaws, Cook the CEO, reviving Wallet, and more Daily Telegraph: execrable executives, bloody good journalists. This is a stonking story yes, it was. @jaysinghio streaming presently about $4bn (35m paid subs x $10/mo x 12). Don't see 25x expansion. entire factory output from the looks of it. and so so weird. #meettheukippers these are the people who buy those china figurines. Finally. Discovered. (Do not want to meet.) how does Metacritic do it? According to  Birdman will get Best Picture + Director, Eddie Redmayne best actor, Julianne Moore best actress.. I won't be there. One of Boston's bike paths now has a 40-foot-long snow tunnel:  #BOSnow #urbanism #bikebos I wrote about Lizard Squad, lulzsec and the general arc of hacking groups: ..in which case iPhone would be easiest for you bcs you already have ipad. if you have your (correct) contacts synced on your iPad it might be possible to transfer them up to BB. Then again, might not.. Win an Apple Watch with Lowdown - ViralSweep  via thanks definition of market forces. because your brain interpolates what colours it's seeing More market forces. Market forces in pricing of Guardian courses (Those Led Zep-playing kids via) @MaxCRoser so we learn about the image processing the brain does - inferring effect of shadows to decide square's original colour point is that mobile really isn't adjunct of a desktop any more. Exists and accesses files/services in own right. file transfer where? What files? Cloud services work. Lots of apps to access files from network on iOS eg FileBrowser. Zeppelin! Louisville kids aged 7-12 do Zep. I think the ginger kid on drums has a great future. But they're all fab you can't buy stuff from Windows App Store on AOSP either, or from Google Play for Windows. backups to iCloud OTA. Multimedia purchases in App Store OTA. FileMaker to iCloud? Dunno. Don't need a PC. other aspects such as what? Squares A and B are the same color.

Really. Disc rot on a CD burned in 1999. you can update iOS without iTunes. Since 2011. ta. @PenLlawen no doubt in June there'll be gasps and shock at WWDC as... What a difference an editor makes (@ Press Gazette) and apparently doesn't (@ Telegraph)  by I'd suggest a forum search (lots of forums...) - would have thought others must have had it. I think "fewer apps allowed to notify you" is the only way forward. Or Do Not Disturb (though they're still there). Heads up to Instagram users - my account was using a password with a long random string of characters. Yet someone still backdoor… Can anyone at help me out? My account (stop) has been hacked and had passwords reset twice now. I can’t retrieve it th… sounds bad - though when you make millions of phones can be some duds.. .@JPBarlow & the best wrong-number texts in the history of text messages. The register change at the end: wonderful. htt… This March we welcome Polly Samson to the Salon - here she talks about her last collection:  Ticke… pleasure. Thanks for reading. hadn't heard of it. Two people in shop? ta can't do that on mobile. All links are twitter shortened @johngapper absolutely. it is. It truly is. It all seems a bit grim and a bit pathetic. yup @WillAEllis had very brief dealings with - had great respect as a result. @jamesrbuk you'd fight not to have your name on it, wouldn't you. And not to write it. @StigAbell further irony: Telegraph doesn't have an editor since firing. Matt: makes even the Telegraph's self-inflicted woes a thing of succinct joy Disgusting low from the Telegraph: use the death of News UK employees as part of its HSBC panic Just seen that the Telegraph put their despicable story on the front page. A paper being run by the woefully inadequate. If the decent Telegraph journalists – and there are many – don't stand against that travesty of a piece on the Times, they n… @jamesrbuk absence of byline is telling. Next Private Eye should be entertaining. I'll watch with interest! MT: Sad to see Telegraph using these ppl as ammunition in now petty & cynical fight  <-- note no byline link? he's very practised at being opaque on that point. very much - and my 14yo who beat Boris at battle even more. fixed now I think! No privacy policy on  - Appl Store link just leads to home page; no search on page. Maybe this? @daithaigilbert thanks both. @markgurman good point. If ‘Friends’ was released in 2015... you and me both, though me from slightly less afar. Apple offers free fixes for MacBook Pros with video problems starting today. too few aliens arriving, clearly. Tell Fox News! NM opens Spaceport (2011):  looking to sell Spaceport (2015): Greek finance minister muses on his blog about pros and cons of bitcoin  hmm. And umm. I offer's latest  as an education in this stuff. Concealed handbag compartment for jewels. I suggest you ask for her perspective on this whole topic. I'd suggest the Watch, in fashion terms, is more like a bag than a luxury watch. Ask a fashionista, though. I specified handbag. @markgurman more like the 0.01%. But in a world of billions.. techno-utilitarianism simply can't understand the attitude of fashionistas. they don't stop carrying it because it doesn't hold stuff. They stop carrying it because it's last year's. you're forgetting there are people who pay that much for a handbag that will be passé in a third of that time. if you find out, let us know. quite possibly. Loved that it had no byline and named no names at the paper. it is, yes. @mikehole so I see! Added to itinerary. @Tanni_GT relatives nearby :-) @Tanni_GT good luck all. not trying, honest. Just keeps happening. Very funny: "The Daily Telegraph's promise to its readers, sponsored by Canesten" I KNEW it. Annoyingly, I had recommended Lenovo laptops to two different people in the last six months, so this is now *my fault*. don't worry, you'll discover more essential things - Instagram, taxi hailing apps, travel apps, health apps... depends a lot what you want phone for. But suspect you'll discover whole new wide world of apps on other phones. and touchscreen keyboards (or dictation..) can be pretty impressive. hands can't be bigger than mine (can they?) Suggest going to a store and trying lots. Boring, but there's no simple answer. I'm afraid I doubt it, Tanni. Their UK-based PR person went AWOL a long time ago. Signs it is cold: your Jeep leaves an ice imprint after you back out. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ ಠ_ಠ at least one fewer as of tomorrow.. Which goes to show - phones are so personal that if you mess it up, you lose a customer. And others. Oh dear,, it seems you screwed up's phone with your 10.3.1 update. "Getting a new phone tomorrow," she says. My whole career has been a build up to hack Apple's car. Virgin Media's astounding attempt to confuse customers into permitting it to sell their data to third parties: thanks for your input, Gabriella. MT: Finally, Bare Figures gets a major update. Read more: Reboot 2015  <-- great site best subtweet evah Slack is teh awesome. There you go  GO MICROSOFT jeepers. One in three LTE phones sold in Q4 2014 was an iPhone ah, but that was back when Apple + Google were BFFs. Bob was just asking a question for a story; for journos covering Apple it was "it's obvious, why even ask?" Worlds collide. a related tale that I was going to put in the piece, but held off: thanks. yup, looked at the whois, wondered if any info had looped back. others have said that, but I thought you didn't. thanking you! and how would you describe your relationship to Lizard Squad? noted. What reason did the registrar give, if any? Guardian 'changed Iraq article to avoid offending Apple' - Telegraph  savaged by dead sheep who suspended the domain? By me @ Guardian: Lenovo demonstrates that malware is big business By me @ Guardian: What will happen to the Lizard Squad hackers? basically, yes. 4S from 2011 has ios8. only advantage you might get with iOS is that apps would keep pace with OS and upgrades would continue for a couple of years. it would be quite fun to Fisk it because it really is all over the place. Reads like Bufton Tufton caught viewing porn. a clip from August? Also, this isn't a "war". More like a giant game of Go. Gdn had a gigantic crowdsourcing effort to try to catch up. Work by was crucial. I remember some crazy guy buying a load of Fire Phones just to use as Sonos controllers. How we laughed. That's odd because I don't recall any sniping about the Telegraph MPs expenses stories. Envy, maybe. "media outlets sniping about our coverage of HSBC were similarly dismissive in 2009 when we began to reveal details of MPs’ expenses claims" Telegraph to draw up guidelines on balancing journalistic and commercial interests  <-- bit late? !! Which apps? Yahoo Aviate really does set the standard for Android launchers; relevant, personalised, slick & logical. Great work … So ios8 walloped performance quite hard after ios7. Then again, it wasn't sold as battery life/speed demon. @RadioFreeMobile when your down, the only way is up. Have there been any benchmarks of ios8 v iOS 7? Google – Trouble in paradise  <-- Lollipop not benchmarking well. @fmbutt direct marketing has been doing it for years. Start up: Lenovo, Superfish and its implications; identifying Jackson Pollocks, tech v fashion, and more the latest story on the £250m loan? Yes. I've worked in it. Journalists don't like it - witness Tele journalists coming forward to say it has happened. by the Std? That's easy reporting under severe time pressure. Obvious way forward and moves story on from copying others. Gdn took months to research and write the pieces. If Std just copied and Gdn is sued, Std can be sued too. Journalism is hard. oh, come on. Standard is a local paper and court stories are typical fare. HSBC abstract and hard to stand up. Meet LikeThat Garden! Use your smartphone to identify flowers you love:  #visualsearch Want to work at Superfish? Take a look at the most recent openings. [Senior Linux System Administrator] Superfish is growing, and recruiting now! [Senior IOS Developer] nonsense. They all - except Telegraph - played it very big. Gdn had head start but all made much of it. U.S. readers! Overspill: Azure's machine learning, explaining Apple's taxes, Sony v Samsung, EC v Google redux, +more @imckee you mean the one that's on the iOS App Store? 
 you linked to the OS X version. @deezeruk doesn't play more than a single (first?) track off album. Then keeps looping around them. possible, but really hard to divvy up. Per-install is the simpler, more common way forward. good point. suggested improvement for app: allow "love" and "don't replay" on lock screen. Flow keeps playing me same tracks on car journey 👎 never seen that sort of pressure at either The Independent or The Guardian, where I've worked. such as? @sehnaoui no, 113m is total number shipped - "consumer laptops" will be fraction (large fraction maybe) lenovo's a big company so "financially significant" could still be a few dollars per machine - all adds up. Lenovo users: try accessing this URL:  If you don't get a warning, you need to remove the Superfish C… @zuffle to which in the end I have to say: tough. Doesn't suit? Build a time machine and kill Bill Gates in 1984. @zuffle I used PCs in the 80s. It was a nightmare - zillions of incompatible OSs, apps, floppy sizes. PC market now a dream. @zuffle yes, it was, but none of this changes the fact: size and price of PC market now is consequence of Microsoft's success. seriously doubt it. @zuffle yeah, I remember writing about DR-DOS, Gem and all that stuff. That's not a DOJ antitrust suit though. beyond their knowledge Questions remaining for Lenovo: how many PCs was Superfish put onto? Which models? How much did you get per install? it is egregious. @tomwarren are we up to 2-0 on Apple Watch magazine cover appearances v Android Wear? Or have I missed any? congrats, Brian! er, it's been the principal thing in my feed all this morning. yup. See tweets. @mbrit I think they're getting that flogging. very much so. @mbrit needs direct clarification, I think, though obv appreciate the input. US regulators had been worried about Lenovo and the security of its products since 2005. A decade. @zuffle its dominance in PCs was honestly earned. Antitrust was about forcing browser installs. You really don't know this? you're showing her stuff you've previously done there? (late) congrats, Imogen. The Register has unleashed the beast on those touting the £6bn tax avoidance figure re: Vodafone in private. Cops uphold harassment complaint against journo who exposed conwoman, while she escapes prosecution for alleged scam! h… This is not just about serving you ads. explains why this makes Lenovo users ridiculously vulnerable “What happens when renewable energy runs out?” Victoria Ayling, UKIP candidate for Great Grimsby. Times Diary £ er, Photoshopped in what way? Do we have more than commenters' beliefs on that? @timalmond unclear at present; Lenovo says "only consumer laptops". Unsure what prevents "consumers" using T/pads etc. @zuffle IBM anointed MS-DOS, then Microsoft broke away with Windows, enabled industry-standard platform. PC explosion followed. it doesn't MITM your bank connections or ad searches, surely. @zuffle if you don't know the dynamics and history of the PC industry, time to read up. MS-DOS and Windows enabled huge growth. @zuffle I've been digging into Microsoft's Windows licensing figures for years, and off-shelf Windows is a mile from OEM price. @zuffle the size of the Windows PC ecosystem lowers prices, which is the benefit Linux users get. @zuffle you mean *Linux* users lose out. But they gain because Windows creates uniform hardware base to develop against. @zuffle ICYMI in earlier tweet, OEMs don't pay R1k for Windows licences. So not 25%. Not even close. @zuffle how do users lose out? That doesn't follow at all. @zuffle I hope this isn't a surprise, but they do that on every single element of the device they sell, including the screen etc @zuffle OEMs don't pay "boxed Windows" price. @pubstrat what model machine, dating from when? @zuffle also, Windows licence is a tiny fraction of cost of device. @zuffle why not buy newly secondhand laptops and put a new drive in? absolutely. Surprised it's Lenovo, though, bcs their margins looked OK. Maybe this is why. @zuffle Apple doesn't put crapware on, though. Why isn't there enough money in Windows not to? yes, I wondered that. Charitably. @zuffle so what angle is top dead centre on your car? do let us know.. @zuffle This though is damning. Jason Seiken at Telegraph needs to answer this specific point in No idea why that BBC story about Telegraph writers voicing concern has "health" in the URL  but anyhow. A dozen Telegraph journos confirm' concerns about commercial pressure on editorial ignore me. I thought it had "do not show objectionable media" turned on yes er.. @iblametom are there laptops that can't be used by consumers? It's a meaningless distinction until they define it. @iblametom define "consumer". somehow the interstitial pictures during quiet times would be less interesting, methinks  eg this:  mull on that for a while. On that note of "why do PC companies preinstall crapware/adware?" here's my profit analysis from last January Literally, the only way many laptop vendors turn a profit is by getting paid to pre-install sketchy software on laptops th… People surprised at Lenovo / Superfish don't understand the economics of consumer laptops. Margins are negative w/o preins… When hackers get Superfish root cert private key, they will be able to make their viruses look like Microsoft wrote th… And it's great that I can use the account of an internationally famous singer's security alter ego to explain it via RTs. #superfish Do you remember the Sony Rootkit fiasco?
Lenovo Superfish is worse. (Oh man, this Lenovo thing is colossal in security implications for those who get it. And scary even for those who don't.) Let me get this right: I can extract the private key from my Lenovo laptop, and use it to MitM all other laptops at the loca… Engineers, the techies at Lenovo, knew this would happen. And even that wasn't enough to stop it. A total organization… Lenovo going to have some terrible excuses over next few days. Luckily, I build+script Windows deployments and I can r… It looks like the Superfish service might store the SSL key upside down, just so that it's extra hard to reverse always blame cockup first, Dan. Removing the Superfish certificate @iblametom slippery phrase. Might mean anything not part of an enterprise contract. Easy way: check a consumer-bought T/pad public service, Tom. @iblametom that's because of the "value trap" in Windows (also applies to Android) people like to have their biases confirmed. It's probably something evolutionary. Lenovo PCs shipped in past 2 years: 113m. Prob about 60%+ were laptops, so had #superfish ("only on laptops past 2 yrs") Lenovo has now issued its response on #superfish  <-- big problem remains even if adware removed Good story. (I suspect Fillmore is principal, not principle, consultant.) not sure if you're asking for an example, but the claim about the Gdn + Apple has always been untrue, but is endlessly repeated. the HSBC stories by the Gdn have involved multiple people working full-time for *months* to investigate, stand up + get legalled. it's often nonsense, though. news orgs simply can't and/or won't write stories like Private Eye does. Private Eye, otoh, tends to allude to things, to nod and wink and nudge, and is studiedly vague on some points. newspapers show their working - as in, they identify, they explain, and put questions to those accused. I wouldn't trust every single thing Private Eye writes. I was thinking more of daily newspapers. I'm seriously going to have to write something about how "they didn't clean install Windows so they deserve to be a vi… Claire Enders of #endersanalysis says Telegraph "not the only offender". #newsnight concerning... that would be true except it crossed to BBC news, where Telegraph readership would hear it. so "innocent unless proven guilty" doesn't apply? Watching Newsnight investigation into #Telegraph advertising influence on editorial  very bad for Telegraph. I don't think there's any connection. CMS sites, esp WP, get hacked all the time. @TescoBankNews so the old version has vanished from your machine, or what? @TescoBankNews why? What's changed? high industrial potential; consumers much much harder. @jaykannan sure. My point is that your skills and inclination aren't typical. why? Defray costs or what? All major Chinese hardware manufacturers (think Lenovo and Xiaomi) ship products "enhanced" with adware or spyware com… LoopPay must become seamless to create value for Samsung.  <-- smart take Glass isn't VR. @basexperience enterprises might do, but consumers don't have that experience or inclination. @basexperience not scalable. give me a minute, sure there'll be a Linux hack along. Isn't the disk drive firmware thing effective whatever OS? congrats Alice. So it's another morning of delightful news.. is the answer "one - being a female Hollywood actor"? @__apf__ most people don't uninstall, because they don't know how. found it. As you say, ugly. Lenovo caught installing adware on new computers -  oh dear (thanks for pointer) no! What's that? Start up: Azure's machine learning, explaining Apple's taxes, Sony v Samsung, EC v Google redux, and more @cherian_abraham ..which if I understand it has to be implemented per-card by the issuing bank. @Dan_Rowinski be interested in your updated take. What are best industry-wide data sources on what % of people who download mobile apps convert to active users? Interested in ma… and yet Canada is so close by. America is still in the 1960s in terms of its credit card safety. Shd have Chip/PIN. @Dan_Rowinski ..and wonder how long it will take Samsung to integrate into software. Won't be on S6, surely? @Dan_Rowinski I'd like to see a diagram of what data goes where, and whether encrypted or not.. @totalkharnage if half of terminals support NFC by end 2015, that makes it interesting. Security becomes the key difference. yup. yup. US is still in the 1960s in this regard. sure, but locking the phone has benefits far beyond just that. not really. The mag stripe details are sent. It's not a one-time code. Via, a comparison from October of LoopPay, Apple Pay and Google Wallet.  retail hacking could grab LP card nos unknown concept in US? Also doesn't hold CVV. no mention of it in its own Apple Pay v Loop Pay page  which one might expect. argh. Thanks for trying. @MattRosoff seems like it's going to be one-time at some unspecified point Real Soon Now. not yet implemented unless they've done it in the past 6 weeks. December 2014: "LoopPay plans additional security measures in the future, including the implementation of a process known as tokenisation." got a source on that? Because if LoopPay is just mag stripe details sent wirelessly then it's no safer than swiping a card, ie not at all. If LoopPay connects to mag stripe is it secure like NFC one-time codes (a la Apple Pay) or is it just mag stripe details sent wirelessly? but creates the fresh problem of "replace it with the model that just died or with something else with unknown flaws?" samsung is giving up on NFC for payments? Or Google Wallet? Or both? urgh. Is that a warranty fix? Guessing it's not DIY. trouble is, the internal wheels are all internal. Y'know. keeps coming back to the error message. This is after cold boot, air blasts, and so on. no, but I'm not sure it would normally. It's having a paddy, as we say. John, I do apologise! May have to take a remedial reading class. Hope things are looking up. Angry for you re Uttlesford. Officejet 8600 Plus. Do you know you're the only person with actual *advice* on here? Crap behaviour by Uttlesford council, dismissing ex-Sun reporter who was charged with making payments to officials yes, you're right - I misread second para as being his trial. apologies - I misread second para about Brooks as applying to him. nope. Crap behaviour by Uttlesford council, dismissing ex-Sun reporter who was accused of phone hacking (he was cleared) ouch. Someone should show him Ed Colligan's quote from 2006. I was hoping to find someone who had direct experience of a specific problem with a printer. Printing two-sided seems to make the HP printer puke into stuckedness. Wonder if that's it. Complains after each page completed. running 50-50 useful/non so far. thorough clean with air duster. Maybe some small paper debris triggering sensor good thought. congrats Jay! Now comes the hard part. Also fun part. ok, will hold that in reserve.. is plan B. tried taking out cartridges, but will look at the others too. Anyone know the cure for HP printer that keeps showing this? No jammed paper or other debris visible. @sameer_singh17 it's a project with moving overheads hahaha Amazon Greenlights Alternate History Series 'The Man In The High Castle'  <-- Philip K Dick once more Half the fake stories I track on are on ISIS. Easy for ISIS supporters to say media lying about them @NHSChoices what are the stats for "stress-related work breakdowns"? @Glinner would be interesting to correlate release of games with volume of hashtag. And we have a beautiful copy of #ParisforOne to giveaway today. Just RT for a chance to #win. Plus more to come on right to delist, Google's conciliatory tone, and the vehement opposition of... ex-GCHQ director Omand. Exciting! This week I'm joining p/t the best media organisation on the planet
Should follow tweetastic… yes, subtle play by BG. @BBCr4today though suggesting there's a path up Everest may be one of the best sandbags ever. World class, that. how does it know people are out? Redmond and Reality (fixed link)

 

Opening up Office 365 shows that Microsoft gets the new cloud r… Average earnings: growing again...but only back to their 2004 level Folks who have Nest and Hive seem to like them, judging by my Twitter replies. Brits just love that home fire. ah, have been meaning to get Hive. That sounds useful. EDF offering smartphone remote-control thermostat. Yours for just £199 (inc installation). Benefits: can't really see any tbh. @getwired two and a bit years. That's Wes's point. Sony reckons mobile is like TV manufacture - highly volatile, very competitive, rapidly commoditising. Sources close to the matter also once spoke of televisions. I did enjoy on explaining climbing terms "bimble" and "path" and casually throwing in "sandbag" unexplained. Russian search engine Yandex has complained to Russia's competition authority that Android should not bundle Google search. Are you a visually creative journalist? is recruiting. Apply here: How Google determined our right to be forgotten  fantastic by and Enrique Chaparro. PR spin revealed. This is why I love Glasgow 😂 RBS/Natwest first UK banks to use Apple's Touch ID fingerprint tech for account access Start up: Google eases Project Zero, Xiaomi's patent woe, Microsoft's big Office vision, driving helium, and more THIS IS IT. THIS IS THE BEST GIF. Grrr... Because .zip is a valid TLD, it's impossible to know whether  should be a URL or a filename. interested by that - my brief trial of a Xiaomi phone in Shenzhen didn't impress. Laggy. The problem with Tele saying that is full of inaccuracies and innuendo is that he has been their chief comm… our children envy you already. fortunately, our civilisation has mirrors. And he is a class act. not the premiere. Saw it last week. he's good at it. Practised, even. Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is great fun, particularly for Bill Nighy and Celia Imrie. Not to mention the others. Good luck tonight to the very talented whose joyous Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel premieres tonight. Do see i… I was hoping for Krugman to call George Osborne's record "lamentable", but he came close enough. only €6.3m? Tightwads. I'm not sure there's a Defcon number for that. That the story on HSBC/Telegraph has earned BBC news mention means it's now dangerous to Telegraph reputation. @zzbar ok, this meets my definition of "pointless, unresolvable argument" so leave me out. @zzbar no idea what you're indicating with that phrase. @edbott not knocking your work at all, Mark. Quite the opposite. Taking it as read. that's the loosest and laziest use, and not one that any proper writer would use. It proves point. @brianshall I really don't think Apple is PR'ing Mark Gurman. @edbott can believe that they've had to scale back from what they imagined was possible in 2011. Not sure that kills whole idea @edbott depends who set the expectations, surely. @brianshall I mentioned Ive wanting first iPhone to be all-metal, which would have killed all signal. Not really in mood to search. @edbott also don't most projects start with big goals and then focus? That's besides discovering what's impossible. @edbott is there any non-FDA approved device that does blood pressure and stress levels that's any use? @brianshall because they thought they could and discovered reality? Remember Ive wanted first iPhone to be all-metal. Physics won. @brianshall blood pressure and stress levels (cortisol)? FDA would be all over that. A nice dream but not a reality. Peter Oborne resigns, meanwhile on Jason Seiken's Twitter feed Eye Told You So 2: Eye 1334 (Feb 2013) HSBC's London private banking arm "orchestrating major criminal tax evasion" htt… so you did. Ok that is weird. HSBC pulled advertising with the Guardian after it began investigating the bank's off-shore accounts: I am so glad you live tweeted it, but a few screencaps wouldn't have gone amiss. go screw yourself you spamming jerk. The IS interested in tax avoidance. Didn't mention HSBC last Monday but did run this online. The Attention Economy - Lowdown Blog I'm not asking GCHQ if they spied on me because I don't want to sign up to be the victim of a "tragic drone accident." better tell @ stream who are going bananas. @DrPizza suspect the OneNote thing was niche, if a useful one. like Apple has had since Photo Stream and in Messages? Killing it? Crazy. Essential thing for an OS. what did Rooms do? that could still be 100m! Rather makes Oborne's point about a fall in standards at The Telegraph when it misuses "refute" in its rebuttal some of us were writing future stories. I have zero respect for you, and even less now I see that you spammed David Carr too. Go back under your rock. Will & apologise, now's fulsome coverage of HSBC scandal has come to light? So The Telegraph finally discovered how to go viral on Twitter. how many PCs in India? Wow - and that Oborne piece is the top story on BBC Radio 2 right now. Explosive piece by ex-Telegraph writer Peter Oborne alleging it halted own 2012 HSBC investigation to keep HSBC ads ah, clearly. twitter owns tweetdeck- bought it some years ago. Surely this only applies there? @MaxCRoser well, yes, I was going to query the use of the word "responsible". "Named"? "Involved"? well I'm not flying Other Airlines in a hurry either. well, well. Not even mandating OneDrive? Office will be the monopoly to outlast them all. yes, we've covered it. See later tweets :-) never been that way. Never used target=. @mims sensor but not actuator. The problem in the "smart home" extract was with actuators. Hello, US E+W coasts (+mid): Overspill: Snapchat's media effect, *that* Jony Ive interview, Google v privacy, + more my tweet was about blocking on Twitter. Quick, easy, satisfying. time-consuming. OK if you have the time and patience and they're based in the UK. Otherwise, dead end. I think it's a fever dream. Musk has no reason to sell; Apple has little reason to buy. There's a certain satisfaction to be had from reporting would-be viral social media agencies as spam. blocked. not at all. it is a puzzle. couldn't you find someone with a car? I dunno, feels more like it's just from-a-foreign-language. The server's in Italy. Didn't look for origination of the email. I guess you could run an emulator.. @jearle don't worry - in five years they'll declare it was a TERRIBLE idea putting helium in disk drives. via, here's why hard drives are getting helium. Don't pop them at parties, though. hmm I think that works for the advance-fee things (419 scams), but in these? OK, so that's settled then. (Even so, spinning hard drives? So 20th century.) As Jared said, it’s about friction - other gasses are heavier, so it’s like spinning the platters in soup. This "helium in disk drives" - why not use any noble gas? Also won't react, and much cheaper than helium. (Right?) less friction? I don't think there's significant friction with the air. Oxidation seems the likelier benefit. @mims I guess we haven't yet passed the Turing Test for smart homes. "We are sorry for the inconvenient." Do phishers assume that we assume that IT teams are illiterate? oh, ok. lol er, helium isn't explosive. It's super-inert. Is this "helium disk drive" stuff about less degradation? more reliable than filling them with a vacuum. it would be the cheaper option. But there's a nerd thing of "why not control it too?" Actually, Nest is closest to just being sensor. Use of helium-filled HDDs in data centers to drastically rise in 2015, says HGST president  helium-filled hard drives? I hanker for it every day on all sorts of things around the house. Mostly for pipes carrying liquids, but that's just me. Matt in The Telegraph, brilliant as ever Apple is *so* not going to buy Tesla. Remember all the other companies it was "sure to buy" and hasn't. New forecast: 75m wearable devices to ship in 2015. Fitness bands 2x YoY, Apple Watch cud sell 20m units perhaps what he thought was just a table under there was a WHOLE CAR. No. Start up: Snapchat discovers media, Google v privacy, that Jony Ive interview, Russia's phone market and more We talked about it, laughed it off and carried on. The tube makes monsters of us all :) Karma - the guy who pushed past me on the tube and then suggested I go F myself just arrived for his interview...with me... a few months isn't that patient. Some hackers work on intrusions with two-year or more timescales. see my subsequent tweets in my timeline. I know - if I change user-agent to iPhone, desktop Safari plays it fine. @stuartdredge that seems a sort of modern-day torture. this is getting a bit like "the operation was a success, but the patient died". obviously he didn't wander around the campus alone. But Apple won't have had any control of what or when he published. you seriously think Apple would get to tell the New Yorker when to run pieces? Dream on. because it was ready? @jandawson I've come across Wear apps that have had 250k+ downloads (ok, a calculator). Dunno if active tho will add to list of things to read in penance for bad tweetulating. ah - I only read the picture you tweeted. @jandawson expand? What specifically about the interaction model? I didn't think it pointed to any pattern of white flight, was what I meant. They say every achievement requires the courage to try, so here’s my first tweet to say hello to the Twittersphere! Cher W. @lisafleisher I rest my case, m'lud. @stuartdredge which has been a sore point with editors with exclusives for over 10 years now. @stuartdredge followed by Google News giving prominence to the *last* site to rewrite the piece, rather than the first. @saschasegan don't have one :-) but now, "exclusive: X" remains true only as long as it takes someone to write "X, says Y" no - but the point is that "exclusive" used to mean "nobody else has this", and print deadlines could make it true. maybe the way TV does it - BRAND NEW that would work for any site that never originated a thing but just leeched off others. "exclusive" has long been misappopriated, although it's true that it should carry the same meaning. do you agree with's views on UI? Interested to hear your take on this. These days rather than "EXCLUSIVE" news orgs should tout work as "ORIGINAL". That would show who's just churning. Which is kind of apposite. Interview: Jony Ive profile in New Yorker must have involved dozens of interviews with many people over months. But all that work effectively hidden. it's totally puzzling. Bet if you change the user-agent to a mobile device it works fine. OK. Should we say that however beneficial they are, they didn't work for WP? um... isn't it sort of saying the opposite? Underachieving whites? ok, that's a fair point. @chartier this is realtechnologik, right? The tech equivalent of realpolitik? @chartier ..and still a significant avenue for malware. Seems like a disservice to customers, even in a roundabout way. I get advertising on mobile or desktop, so that's not the explanation. and doesn't detect that you don't have Flash installed. Totally stumped. Good morning US E + W: The Overspill: Zane Lowe joins Apple, Windows Phone 5 years on, Google closes Helpouts, + more I will! quite likely. Fascinating data in article on smartphone sales in Russia in 2013/4. Only one company raised ASP: not Apple, but LG I'd love a good graphical explanation of it. web non-standards. so when I go to YouTube on Chrome w/o Flash installed, is it showing me H.264, H.265 or V8 or what? that's clearly not the explanation, because changing user-agent to mobile gives the video. It's desktop/mobile detection. In Safari, if I choose user-agent as "iPhone" I get the video. If I choose Safari 8.0.3 (desktop) I get "install Flash". that doesn't explain why it works fine on mobile. some stuff I want to view is on FB. puzzled. I've disabled Flash in the browser, and it's not offering any alternative. this machine can surely run H.264 HTML5 - it's Chrome, on a Mac. And FB can serve it to mobile. fine, but I'm viewing in Chrome. Are they starting from lowest common denominator? Why does Facebook video on desktop *require* Flash? Why doesn't it offer it in HTML5 as on mobile? those damn French. No guaranteed way - just have to mark them junk and leave the machines to fight it out. it's nice to know Harper Lee had a second trade for when the royalties dried up. Asus launching a Chromebook "hero" product in Q2, expects "strong growth" in US market. Aim to do 27m phones in 2015 that would be good, though my spam traps show a volume so large I doubt it. do we think the video link says "you need an update to Flash Player, download now" and malware hilarity ensues? next thing it will be Italy beating Windies at cricket and then we just give up, I guess. Tizen Phone in India: Samsung Z1 Recording Higher-than-Expected Sales Volume | BusinessKorea -  (how high? 1%) np! I'm excited to introduce Membership for my site, with some nifty rewards for those who want to support my writing: ah yes. There it is in "Starred" (rather than "Flagged" where I looked for it). In the extended embrace of Google's IMAP. I get Android Wear downloads passed 500k between December 2 and 9 unarrived. Puzzled. Expect it will turn up somewhere. I'd question whether it's sensible for a phone platform. Start up: Zane Lowe joins Apple, Windows Phone five years on, Google closing Helpouts, and more Just once, I'd like an American columnist explaining how only America has freedom of speech to remember a word that woul… perhaps we just hear about the 10 companies nowadays, whereas 15 years ago they toiled in silence? seems like it might have been an attack against their email database then - access to past emails. just hoping the Margate one isn't Airbnb or things will get circular check file type - if it's FLAC then actually it is high definition. win! But don't you have to find a place to live now? In the year 2015 nobody raised their hand at an ad meeting and explained that this isn't how you win at Tetris. ah, not quite. It's people claiming ESA *on the basis of obesity*. Not who are simply obese. seems to suggest that number of obese benefit claimants is below average for population. Good point. what would be statistically significant? there isn't one really. I'll post my chart of countries/populations/Gdp/per capita income/subscriptions analysis some time soon. hardly claiming originality.. Speak softly and carry a selfie stick. @adambanksdotcom that's an impactful suggestion. @PenLlawen "Euripedes?" "No, they were-a torn when I gotta dem" Number of ppl who rely on foodbanks: 1,000,000.

Number of obese ppl claiming benefits: 1,780.

Tories: Full of shit. h… This is too perfect.  Typical #UKipper logic #UKIP This. @PenLlawen led to quick discussion with the 9yo about definition of "unique". It's made her one of fashion's whichy what there, Observer magazine sub-editor? that becomes even funnier if you've ever heard him in action. If anyone knows how to access documents from an old #Amstrad, I'd love to know 1/3 The fading of the family photo album - my column, yup. Wonder if DJ egos can bear to be subsumed though. Or maybe he wouldn't be? Wonder if Zane Lowe will be organising iTunes festival or similar. occurred to me too, but seems weird - what happens to his profile? So public to essentially invisible? Or maybe iTunes festival? Zane Lowe to leave Radio 1 in March to work at Apple   <--  wow. Amazing DJ - what's he going to do?? Until a few days ago, the hottest topic in transportation was making car ownership redundant. thanks, received! @LegatumInst ah. *undoes RT* this NYT story re: gang that hacked ATMs from inside banks  seems familiar I'd like to know more. Could you email me dates and details? charles.arthur@gmail.com @eric_analytics leave me out please. @chrisgreen fuuuuuuuu @chrisgreen mind blown. Suggests Easyjet systems hacked, or those of its card verifier. David Carr had been suffering from lung cancer, died of complications from the disease @chrisgreen wow. In which country? From own computer or a public one? @chrisgreen completely agree. never ever use debit card as recurring payment method stores on site. Ever. Someone has been hacked, either or someone else & scammers are trying to validate what they stole. Just had a convincing phishing email claiming to be from. It contained the correct last 4 digits & expiry date o… bank hackers stole $300m, maybe more. Worrying story as much because it may still be happening. Banks won't admit it. Tom Waits "What's He Building?" lyrics. Stay for the punchline at the end. "My tastes are...unconventional"
"Show me"
*leaves the convention* Born before 1990? Whatever. We don’t care. Tell us about the war or something, grandpa. Once someone has pointed out that "Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian Rebels" can be sung as a line from My Favourite Thing… I'll be glad when the phrase "stupid trick" has vanished from view. Got an HDMI cable for ¥15 instead of 35 by beating the store manager at League of Legends. I'll be coming here for electronics mo… Okay this Twitter notification bug is getting out of hand @daiwaka shurely "amazing". 1/ $GOOG/$FB/$YHOO CEOs not showing up today is a ploy to get headlines like this. Don't buy it. with a living room in the back. She whispered in his ear. "I can barely wait either" he breathed back. "No, you tit! I said I can't eat barley or wheat!"… @jandawson I mean, to get Cyanogen developing the software - fast iteration, low risk. @jandawson totally fits. I wonder if Windows Phone gets to live on as a second-class citizen, or what. Smart to get Cyanogen dev. the book certainly was. The film? Um. is the last one that girl from Goldfinger? you can figure it out from the first chapter. The first ten pages. The first two. The first half of the first page. Inevitable... "Valleywag editor Dan Lyons steps down" satire, one hopes. That's their business. ok, so that's the single instance today where one could say the publicity today has been justified. (no prob. I tweetulate a lot.) yes, though he barely ever disappoints. tweeted it earlier this morning. good luck Hayley! "Did you read 50 Shades? Did you enjoy it?" "No, they're shite" - audience member on Graham Norton. He read more than one? @mary_novakovich mine is "OFF" we need a safe word to make it stop? flipping heck. Yesterday on Radio 4's PM, and even a mention on the weather forecast. We need to find another word for… well at least that was a review. Please tell me it was a review. Please. Give it a few years and it can star in Interstellar  (via) So #50Shades has been promoted today on BBC Radio 1, Radio 2, and now on Graham Norton. Any I've missed? @neilcybart what examples are there of public experiments that Ford did? yeah, there are so many dead ones they're hard to pick out. 1,095 days, below average. might have a stab at that. it's true - that's nothing like that! urrrr. Gigantic leap when Adwords comes in and probably little movement since.. I've opened interviews with some tough questions, but never "Do you think that you’re a *pathological* liar?" imagine the job description for that. possibly need to arrange them by actual opening of service. That gets tough though.. @verge It's the most ridiculous exaggeration OF ALL TIME NYT newsroom gathers to remember David Carr. ah, I'm gettting that too. No. Idea. @verge I'm wondering who had to be consulted over "most spectacular". The superlative editor? Big Bird's Twitter account just dropped the most spectacular first Tweet of all time <-- "Tweet" #savedyouaclick that is impossible to know, isn't it. @tim I love that you think you can "get in front" of such a tsunami, Chris. (Another great scoop Tim..) possibly we just don't know - if there hasn't been a predecessor.. ok. I think that the open services aren't listed on the LHS. Will have a look.. is it high-res? that's a really interesting article. (Confusing, as it says, if you just want to text someone.) it's a sort of VC approach. can't think of any offhand. Microsoft to any extent? In March 2013 I did some noodling with Google services life to guess about Keep's likely life collected a ton of data to write this article back when Google Keep launched @StockTwits back in 2013 I estiimated it will survive to March 2017 errr, only on the screen of my computer. Dropbox:  let me know if that's high-res enough. yes - but length of existence isn't a good predictor for survival. everyone tries. Google services lifespans for dead and live services (that I know of) so here's alive and dead: I also have the live ones.. which I'll try to put into a graph. ah yes fantastic spot. Duplicated Labeller removed. Average falls to 1,471 days. @willdoward I disagree. Radio's just streaming, at the end of the day. Seems pretty effective. @willdoward I'll try saying again "streaming requires widespread fast broadband, and phones", and leave it there. it says: "ordered by opening date". Right up there in the title. @willdoward that didn't stop MP3 market in the least, and streaming depends on broadband. what analysis would you apply? data I've collected over the past few years. Dunno if has kept Google Graveyard up to date. It's not too late to read today's Overspill links: Samsung + Microsoft, ransomware rewards, and more that's often true of averages. Google closing Helpouts (launched Nov 2013). Any trend in lifespan of 100 services (exc Glass) it has shut? @willdoward a lot of these things depend on adjacent technologies - need widespread broadband, phones to store, etc. music labels were offering streaming services in 2000, but broadband wasn't there. Read my book (see Twitter bio). @cherian_abraham just read that, by chance. Have some scripts that depend on Chrome, tho. (Or Safari.) FF not AScript-friendly. It’s much more likely that Microsoft’s Cyanogen investment is about pre-installing MS apps than reinventing Nokia X smart take. That would be a great strategy. Who will be next Guardian editor? Emily Bell, Wolfgang Blau, Janine Gibson, Katharine Viner have all applied, a/c to inte… actually one of three unpublished books was about a Parly journalist.. pre-digital though. No HuffPo. I have some news. I will be joining HuffingtonPost UK as their Executive Editor, Politics after the general election. congrats Paul! "Goat war: 
an apology" In 2008 Mumbai Attacks, Piles of Spy Data, but an Uncompleted Puzzle  Facebook "not to blame" shock see DMs! David Carr's Doubt

 didn't know, but I greatly admired him. This is why. HTC and other vendors to launch non-Android Wear smart devices  quoth Digitimes, which might just be right reads clickbait headlines so you don't have to. Recommended. new tech, old problems @naofumi small companies have focus and desire. Large companies have leverage. Hence big often buy small. @UkieRichie yes but fade to which shade of grey? @disruptivedean that really isn't what they were saying. I used to keep cuttings, and then discovered this thing called "the web" where stuf gets published.. re diabetes, I'd look at high fructose corn syrup as ingredient and America's ridiculous overeating first. Reliably hilarious Anthony Lane review of #50shades (via ) the home screen will be widgets. Fewer of those relieves that. David vs Goliath trade mark battles: Where does your start-up stand? No. Next question!  Does fan fiction spell the end of the professional novelist? Do all your scheduled recordings keep disappearing from your Sky+ box? It's a known bug, apparently stakes very much higher with climate change Something wrong with this country when £70 a week for jobseekers is 'scrounging' but top Tories can have £110,000 limos f… ah. They have been well received by reviewers though. carper? What was called that? #DavidCarr gave us the wonderful gift of insight & humor as our 2014 commencement speaker. We are deeply saddened. Start up: Microsoft apps on Galaxy S6?, ransomware's reward, the absent smartwatches, and more it's very sweet you've highlighted and dated it, Richard. David Carr, New York Times columnist, dies suddenly at office  :( :( :( very true that Plaso thing - say your initials?? - sounds both dire and creepy. "How do you know those are my initials, shopkeeper?!" couldn't make open because of patent dispute. Search on "Facetime patent dispute". (Might not want to open up now either.) nice typo though or even "by" rather than "via". I'm not an aqueduct. love pkd stuff. Have read pretty much all of them. Didn't recall that bit though. 