Happy to share with you some new images from my #CR7Shirts campaign! I hope you like it. Playing with my kid. CR Junior 2 - CR 1!! Tomorrow we’ll face Elche. Vamos! Don’t miss anything in the world of sports with the Sportlobster app. Download it now. Here's a sneak peek of the new Collection. Every detail counts and that makes us unique. #PerfectMatch The team has reached its goal. Another important win in the
competition. #halamadrid #UCL Have you tried the Sportlobster app? Download it now. I’ll follow back some of you Want to know what it’s like walking in my shoes? My #cr7footwear collection launches today! Happy for the win today #halamadrid Very proud to be nominated for Sportsman of the Year. #LWSA15 30 years old! I can’t thank you enough for all your birthday messages and wishes! Thank you for your everyday support HAPPY BIRTHDAY. You are amazing and you inspire us so much. We love you. #HappyBirthdayCR7 Happy Birthday hero🙌❤️ Proud of you always, best player in the world Feliz aniversário ! Sua elegância e criatividade no campo fazem de você uma estrela internacional. Feliz cumpleaños mi amigo !!! Happy birthday my friend !!! #HalaMadridYNadaMas Happy 30th birthday! Wish you the best and I will always support you! #FelicidadesCR7 #HappyBirthdayCR7 Happy Birthday to the best player in the world! You are my hero ❤️ Happy birthday, ! Feliz cumpleaños ! Esperamos que cumplas muchos mas con nosotros! #HappyBDayCR feliz cumple, felices 30 al mejor de TODOS ! Te saludamos desde Argentina, te amamos♥ ¡Feliz cumpleaños! / Feliz aniversário #Grande #BallondOr #HalaMadrid parabéns ao melhor do mundo! Te amo! #VivaRonaldo Happy Birthday boss... #HalaMadrid Nos llena de orgullo seguirte en cada etapa de tu vida, desde Chile un abrazo lleno de amor ídolo 💜 HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the world's best player,!! My idol and biggest inspiration! Thanks ¡¡Feliz 30 cumpleaños, Cris!! 
¡No hay mejor edad para seguir en lo más alto! ¡¡Parabéns,!! ¡Hoy nuestra leyenda cumple 30 años! ¡Felicidades crack! #HalaMadrid Happy Birthday!!! #CR30 #ParabensCristiano #VivaRonaldo Hoy cumple años el mejor jugador del mundo. ¡Felicidades Cris! Muchiisimas felicidades Idolo, espero que puedas ver este dibujo. Apoyandote siempre #Felices30Cristiano Happy 30th Birthday! All about hard work & sacrifice, the rest is history. 
My inspiration & life example. htt… My idol is 30 today 😳💗 Wish u many great upcoming years enjoying football and life! You are still young ✌️ Revealing my SS15 #CR7Underwear campaign & my top tips for health and fitness on  Check it out! Pido disculpas a todos y especialmente a Edimar por mi acto irreflexivo en el partido de hoy. Preparing for the next match against Córdoba. #realmadrid El libro de y ya a la venta,con prólogo escrito por mi!No os lo perdáis Ya está a la venta el libro donde pueden conocer mejor mi grande amigo Jorge Mendes ¡No os lo perdáis! My special #Mercurial for a night when we need to be at our best. No day off. Even if you’ve earned one. #JustDoIt It's an unforgettable moment
in my life to win the Ballon d’Or for the third time! I fee... 2014 was full of incredible moments. Thank you all! #Ballondor2014 Press conference is done. Can’t wait for the ceremony! #ballondor2014 On my way to #Ballondor2014 Think you’ve seen all my skills? Coming soon…. Great moment with the crew last week in Dubai.  A crewfie with #AllTimeGreats Back to La Liga. Tomorrow we’ll face Valencia. Predict the result on Sportlobster Hey guys. 2014 was great! Hope 2015 will be amazing for all. Happy New Year!i Let’s make the new year a little brighter for kids & families around the world. Everyone can help ICYMI: Our yearly award has a familiar winner. 2014 belongs to. Well done CR7. Very proud to receive the Globe Soccer Best Player of the Year award and the Fan's Favourit... Having a great time in Dubai! I met brave Martunis who survived the South Asian #tsunami 10 years ago.  I thank those who helped. Merry Christmas, everyone! May your Christmas be magic and your dreams come true! Sportlobster has a brand new look. What do you think? Nice to relax and have some fun on some days off. Here are some of my favourite pieces from CR7 collection! Check it out! I feel so proud to be honoured with a statue in Madeira. It's a huge joy to share this mome... Honoured to receive the Cordão Autonómico de Distinção, the highest distinction of Made... Another important trophy for the team. The Club World Cup is ours. Hala Madrid! Today I proudly announce my new partnership with Sacoor Brothers, a portuguese clothing brand. In Christmas,it's very special to think about Portugal, its nice people, good food and moments We're in the final of the Club World Cup. Hala Madrid! I was just nominated for Globe Soccer Fan’s Favorite Player of The Year Award. Vote here  or Thank you BBC for choosing me as 2014 Overseas Sports Personality. It’s very rewarding to win this award. Wanna know what I think about my new #CR7shirts collection? Check out. My mother is, without any doubt, a mother courage. I feel very thankful and proud to be her... Tuesday we’ll play for the Champions League. Predict the result on Sportlobster #HalaMadrid I
had the pleasure and privilege to get to know Nelson Mandela in 2010. Madiba
will alway... I feel honored to win the World’s Top Goalscorer 2013 award by the
International Federat... Time for a bike ride. Well done, team! Through
to the Round of 16 of the Copa del Rey. #halamadrid Pleased to share my #CR7shirts campaign with you.Hope you love the collection as much as I do! Hey guys, I followed back the most creative fans on Sportlobster. Were you one of them? Last training session before Malaga. Hala Madrid! Here’s a look behind the scenes of my #CR7shirts campaign shoot, wearing one of my favourite pieces. Do you like it? Have you entered the Sportlobster competition yet? I’ll follow back the most creative. Check out these great pics: There’s a photo competition running on Sportlobster.It starts now, I’ll follow some fans back. Christmas time has arrived. It’s with great joy that I share the inspirational story of Bernardo, a story of success in fighting #ALS Many people around the world embraced the #icebucketchallenge to create awareness to #ALS. Hey guys. My #CR7shirts collection is now available in stores. How exciting! Visit Happy to spend family time with my son. Portugal 1 - 0 Arménia All set to face Armenia tomorrow! #ForçaPortugal #Euro2016 Today I received MARCA’s Di Stéfano award and Pichichi award. Always a pleasure to be recognized with these trophies Today we’ll receive Rayo Vallecano at the Bernabéu. Predict the result of the match on Sportlobster. Hey guys, I received a new
trophy that will be in exhibition at Museu CR7 - the one Facebo... Today I recieved the Golden Boot for the 3rd time, a special day. I thank my family, teammates, the club and the fans The win against Liverpool leads us to the Champions League round of 16.
#HalaMadrid Tonight is Champions League night at the Bernabéu against Liverpool. Predict the result on Sportlobster. #HalaMadrid So happy to celebrate the 1 year anniversary of my #CR7Underwear this weekend! Lead your team to the Awards! Round 3 of ends Dec 7. Start competing now at Round 3 of is on! We’ll be flying this year’s best team to Dubai for the Awards This is a big moment for me. I won the awards for Best Forward,Best Goal,Best Player in La Liga 2013-14. Very happy. What a night! Best Forward, Best Goal and Best Player in La Liga in 2013-14. Happy and proud! Thanks everyone. You asked: Ecuador loves you!!! You asked: Wish you the best! Honduras love you You asked: 
Hello from Japan!
I'm Anna!I I'm a big fan! Please say me hello Anna! You asked: ¿Un saludo para Cáceres? Eres muy grande!! You asked: hello from France, champion ! :) im so proud of you You asked: Poland loves you, idol! You asked: Que grande que eres, cada temporada te superas. Verte jugar con el Real Madrid es mi felicidad :) You asked: Say hello to Slovenia ! :) we love you You asked: Greetings from Switzerland,
We love you ! Thanks for the support last night. Join in their #helloclasico photo contest to win a trip to Dubai. Click Another win for the team. Hala Madrid! Hala Madrid! #Mercurial Ready for the big game… #Mercurial Here's how I've been preparing for El Clasico. ;-) #Mercurial
Shop now: Thanks for the superpowers.
Watch me now in the full film ‘OUT OF THIS WORLD’ Check out my new #Mercurial Superfly CR7. 
Get your pair now on the Nike Football App: Today we’ll play for the Champions League against Liverpool. Predict the result on Sportlobster Show your support for in El Clasico & win a trip to Dubai. Details:  #HelloClasico 69 - Since start of 2013, has never failed to score for 2 CL games in a row. Star 69 - Desde enero de 2013, nunca ha dejado de marcar en dos partidos seguidos de Champions League. Estrella You asked: Greetings from China！Take good care of yourself please！We will always love and support you！ You asked: hi from Puerto Rico You asked: Congratulations on your 100 million Facebook likes! You deserve it! Can you PLEASE say Hi Serena??:) You asked: it was so fantastic to see you in Denmark You asked: Hello from Singapore. All the best for this season :) You asked: Say Hello to Mexico! Please Happy with the win against Denmark last night. Fantastic team work.#forçaportugal Happy and proud to wear my #CR7underwear on the cover of in 60 countries all over the world! Dinner with tigriski. Another win last night in the group stage of the Champions
League. #HalaMadrid        I have just entered my predictions for Ludogorets - R. Madrid on #VivaRonaldo. What about you? Hello Bulgaria!
Tomorrow we’ll face Ludogorets for the Champions League. #HalaMadrid   ... You asked: Please say Hello Nikolas from Sydney, Australia. Thanks Cristiano :) You asked: Please can you say " hi maya" ? :) You asked: Hello from England , can you say "hi Diana "? Plz love you You asked: Good Luck in the season idol! You asked: Puedes mandar un saludo a España? Gracias ídolo! You asked:  HELLO FROM HONDURAS :) I love you!<3 You asked: Hello from Moscow, Russia! Good luck in this season Cristiano;) You asked: Say Hello to Canada !!! Please ! Portugal campeão da Europa de ténis de mesa! Parabéns aos campeões Marcos Freitas, Tiago Apolónia e João Monteiro! Which of my Real Madrid goals is your favourite? Tell me on Sportlobster now Round 3 of it's on with lots of action coming. Sign up your #5aside team for the competition on Think you've got the best #5aside Team around? Sign up for Round 3 of and BE that Team! Wow! Reached the 30 million followers on Twitter, it’s amazing. Thanks everyone. You asked: Hello from mexico You asked: Eres el mejor del mundo, te admiro mucho! saludos desde Bolivia! ❤️💛💚 You asked: Hello from Poland You asked: Hello from Los Angeles California, how are you today? You asked: Hi CR7 can you say hello to India . You asked: hello from morocco You asked: Hello from Sweden Another exciting match
for Real Madrid with a win against Elche. Let’s go team!        What a great match yesterday! Hala Madrid. Challenge yourself and #dontcrackunderpressure What was your favourite moment from last night's match? Please let me know in the RealMadrid Fanzone on sportlobster What a fantastic team work with the win last night. #HalaMadrid Ready for the game #HalaMadrid Desejo boa sorte à nossa Selecção, nova etapa, estamos juntos. Los nuevos compañeros son top! y con ellos hemos completado una gran plantilla. Vamos a por todas! Un abrazo y Hala Madrid! Mis declaraciones se han malinterpretado. Ayer escuché a mi Presi y estoy con él al 100%. We have the winner! Well done Follow me on Sportlobster to know more. Your last #FindMyCR7Shirt clue! You still haven’t found it? The last clue is here: Your second #FindMyCR7Shirt clue! No one has found the shirt yet. Get the second clue here: Your first #FindMyCR7Shirt clue is on Sportlobster now! Read it there and go looking! Later I will give clues on  so you can find a signed Portugal shirt in London. #FindMyCR7shirt 1M followers on Sportlobster! A signed shirt will be hidden tomorrow. Clues on Sportlobster Check out what happened when I joined in the track. #DontCrackUnderPressure Go download #BaseballBattle on iOS for free! Let me know what you think! Great day at the track! #DontCrackUnderPressure How fun shooting balls on the track with #DontCrackUnderPressure Speedy ride on the track with #DontCrackUnderPressure My son wearing the special helmet. #DontCrackUnderPressure Let’s go for some laps.  #DontCrackUnderPressure Getting ready for some speed with #DontCrackUnderPressure .@JensonButton OK Let’s do that #DontCrackUnderPressure You asked: Say hello to Ireland 😘 You asked: Can you say "Hello Aamna" a very big fan of yours from England :')? You asked: Greeeetings from austria and congrats for the price! HALA MADRID HALA CR7 You asked: How do you think about Japan? You asked: Felicitaciones saludos de venezuela You asked: Olá Cristiano! Sou portuguesa e quero-te dizer que mais um vez orgulhaste Portugal! Força :) You asked: Can you say hi Rodrigo...! From Honduras..! Please You asked: How are you today? You asked: Cristiano!!! Te admiroo! Eres el mejoor! Saludos desde Bolivia. You asked: Hi Cristiano! You are my idol and inspire me in all that I do. Now I am learning Portuguese! You asked: What are your favourite sports ? You asked: Greetings from Holland ! You asked: ojala que algún día me saludaras :(, saludos para Peru. You asked: Hi Cristiano, can you say me "Ciao Miriam"! You're my idol and I'm your biggest fan from Italy! You asked: Hi Cristiano. Can you say "hi bahar" greetings from Denmark idol<3 You asked: Argentina loves you I've followed two lucky fans on Sportlobster. Are you one of them? Download the app now and it might be you next time #UEFAbestplayer of Europe. What a joy to win this trophy that I want to share with all of you. Thank you. .@JensonButton I’m on! Thrilled to get on the grid asap #DontCrackUnderPressure .@JensonButton Up to exercise? Some slalom with the ball in the field? What time can you do? #DontCrackUnderPressure Fun time with my kid last night.  Ready to try my new Mercurial Superfly There will be prizes on the most active cities and #London is already in. Join Attention #5aside teams, Round Two of just started! Join the competition at Watch me and my #Mercurial in "Fast" on the App: Great start of the season for Real Madrid with a win last night. Hala Madrid!  Tomorrow we'll play for the SuperCup. Post in Real Madrid Fanzone on Sportlobster & I’ll follow someone #halamadrid Share your enthusiasm with millions of fans on.Android  iOS Happy to take part of it #ALS #Icebucketchallenge Here’s an exclusive behind the scenes look at my Rankin X Ronaldo for #CR7Underwear shoot. Hope you all like it Support your team by becoming a blogging correspondent on Sportlobster this season Great pic from a great night! #RealMadridSevilla #HalaMadrid #SuperCup Amazing kick off for the team. UEFA SuperCup Champions #RealMadridSevilla #HalaMadrid #SuperCup All set for the UEFA Super Cup final today #RealMadridSevilla #halamadrid Greetings Ireland. Thanks Sweden. Thanks and all the supporters in Denmark. Hello Andrea. Thanks A big hello to New York. Gracias #halamadrid Today’s training session Check out my Rankin X Ronaldo for #CR7Underwear film now on   I’m wearing my favourite style from the new collection! Thanks. Hope to see all the fans supporting the team. Muchas gracias por el apoyo. Here you go! Hello Australia. Thanks for the support. Bonjour France! Hoy es el dia! Hola Kelly! Por supuesto. Hola España!!! Olá a todos no Brasil. Thank you #halamadrid Hola Paraguay. The beginning of the season is almost here. Go to the Spanish La Liga Fanzone on Sportlobster & support your team Proud to launch my Rankin X Ronaldo for #CR7Underwear campaign! New collection now live on With and we introduce and leak his music -  here - You asked: Can you please say "Hello Denmark", idol? You asked: Un saludo a españa please idol? You asked: Hi how are you ? You asked: Please say hi to Margareth in Peru. Hala Madrid! You asked: Olá Cristiano! Podes dizer "Olá Portugal"? You asked: Kisses from Croatia! ♥ You asked: Can you say hi to Minnesota You asked: I'm italian and you are my idol, please write me something😚 You asked: Um ola para mim, Vanessa ? You asked: Can you say hey to your fans in New Orleans ?? You asked: Please say hi to Daniel in Scotland You asked: Can you say hello to all the fans in The Netherlands? It would be amazing idol' You asked: Hello greetings from the US You asked: Hi Cris, can you say '' Hi Alyaa ''???? It would  make me the Happiest girl in the World Hoje é um grande dia para a Selecção de Sub-19, pois jogam a final do Campeonato da Europa.Estão todos de parabéns.Boa sorte! #forçaportugal Hi Norway! Thank you Japan! @katieronaldo7 Hello to all the fans from Canada! Hola Colombia! Hello Venezuela. Hola Honduras. Well thank you, Thanks Hello. How are you? Already in Dallas! , premio Goal 50 al mejor jugador del mundo de la temporada 2013/14  #halamadrid Here it is! Exclusive behind the scenes from my new #CR7underwear campaign launching next week. Stay tuned! There have been news about changes on my management team - it's all false, and I can assure the team is - and will be - the same. Nice to hang out with the champ Pre-season starts this weekend in the USA! Download the free Sportlobster App now and join the action Saludos Venezuela! Hello to all the fans from Poland! Saludos Honduras. Hi Maria! Hello Indonesia! @SFQ_7 Hello Sarah! I'm good, how are you? Thanks. You too. RT In surfing #Everydayisdayone. We're proud to be the first global partner of the YMCMB with what you think Want to see an exclusive sneak peek behind my new #CR7Underwear campaign launching next week? Go to  for details! Have you seen my #CR7emag? Lots of cool stories, videos and pictures. Like the story about Madeira, where I grew up. With my friend president Tsuyoshi Matsushita. Thank you Japan. Got #NothingtoHide? Prove it! Check out #exclusive behind the scenes shots from my latest #CLEARHair commercial  I'm on my way to... Woah! Thanks for an amazing ride #GALAXY11! See you on the pitch!  Time to fly again. Happy to announce my newest range of products: Cristiano Ronaldo Footwear #CR7footwear Thanks everyone who voted and made it possible for me to win the for Best International Athlete.    Enjoying another great sunset. Hey guys, my digital magazine #CR7emag is now available for free. For iOS and Android. Download it here: Spa at night. Sportlobster is running a cool football competition. Post your photos on  win my signed shirt Your game. Our world. Get the Nike Football App.
Google Play: The lucky TOPwinners are now boarding to Rio de Janeiro to watch the big final. Have fun guys. Morning ride. Hey guys, I'm nominated for Best International Athlete. Have you voted your favorite? Are you the world’s biggest football fan? Share a photo with #PassionPulse! #GALAXYS5  Avó, estás sempre no meu coração. Descanse em paz, beijos de todos os netos. Don Alfredo leaves us, but his memory will last forever in our hearts. Legends never die. Thanks for everything Maestro. #EternoAlfredo It’s a very sad day. For me, for all the madridistas, for the world of football. #EternoAlfredo I am excited to announce that I am launching my first #CR7shirts collection towards the end of this year. Check out Happy to meet Dsquared brothers yesterday. My favorite #CR7DriventoPerfection video.Don't ever lose your drive,you never know where it'll take you Starting the holidays playing with the sun in this landscape. Thank you for the support during all season. The second Topwinner who will fly to the Final in Rio is Anna Marcus. More games & prizes: First winner Fazil Terriche will fly to Rio! You can be the next! Last chance! You asked: Please say 'Hello Ben' You are my favourite player of all time! You asked: Por favor Cristiano me podrías decir "hola Macarena" me haría muy feliz. You asked: Your my idol, say "hello Ciaran" I'm from Ireland :) You asked: Please say 'Hello Jordannah' I'm from Wales and you're my idol :) You asked: Hi, i'm your fan #1 in egypt , can you say me hello ? You asked: Hi Cristiano! I'm from Portugal. Can you say "Hi Mariana" to me? You asked: A hello to peru please? You asked: Hi Cristiano,I'm from Italy,can you say'ciao Federica' please?💕 You asked: Hi, i'm your fan #1 in Paris, can you say me hello? You asked: Hi crisitiano, im a huge fan from canada, can you say Hi please?xxxxxxxx You asked: Can you say Hi? I'm your fan #1. I dream of seeing you again someday. Greetings from Paraguay You asked: Hello Cristiano. I'm your big fan from Russia. How are you? You asked: Besides football, which other hobbies do you enjoy? You asked: Can you send me a picture on you when you playing football in CF Androinha? Congratulations Fazil Tarriche.You won 2 tickets to the Final, Brazil!Be the next, last chance Already in Manaus. #forçaportugal #nationalteam #worldcup Listening to this song before the game in space... I'm going to fly on the field! #GALAXY11  Help me and show those aliens who's boss! You could win big! #GALAXY11 Hoje, quando a nossa epopeia finalmente começar, seremos muito mais do que 10 milhões... Go get the 2 all-in tickets to the Final in Brazil!   Check out what happened behind the scenes of my BESA campaign with Anselmo Ralph.  Met brave #NYC kids who survived Superstorm Sandy and are helping other communities with the help of @SavetheChildren The #Mercurial Superfly designed by for his biggest fan. Get yours: What a great first training session and day yesterday. What a wonderful and warming reception we´re having in Campinas. Thank you everyone #forçaportugal #ForçaPortugal, espero que esteja gostando de Brasil. Boa sorte nessa copa! Força Portugal! FORCA PORTUGAL!!! FORCA! Sejam bem-vindos! Espero que gostem daqui! E boa sorte nos jogos! Estou torcendo muito por vocês! #ForçaPortu… Brazil loves Portugal! With my brothers y , big things this year, "Don't €xpect Nothing". Insane first half against the aliens!, we'll show them how we play football! #GALAXY11 I’m in Brazil. Want to come here and see the Final? Qualify for 4 signed team shirts here #ForçaPortugal. E obrigado muito obrigado e #ForçaPortugal Muchas gracias a todos Obrigado pelo vosso apoio. Obrigado Hello guys, we arrived in Brazil. Any fans from Brazil over here? Risk makes the game beautiful.  #riskeverything Do you want to see me singing with Anselmo Ralph? Check out  WINNER of the Team Shirt signed by CRISTIANO RONALDO: Mr Kahled from Egypt! Keep playing on Força Portugal! The world is waiting.  I’m ready for 'The Last Game’ June 9th! #riskeverything Come support Portugal against Mexico tomorrow at Gillette Stadium #ForçaPortugal Check out the blog I wrote on Sportlobster, a personal message to my fans ahead of Brazil. Hope you like it! I'm driven to perfection. Are you? Show how by posting a 15s video or pic tagged #CR7DrivenToPerfection. Learn more THE CHEIF SCOUT SHOWING OFF HIS SILVERWARE
#AllHailDaCheifScout thanks for meeting us on Saturday your a great guy it was a special moment for us Round Two is on. If you’re a football player, sign up your team now on It was a pleasure to invite you to the game.All the best and hope to see you for Round Two Congrats to from London for winning Round One of!It was great meeting all of you in #Lisbon Today Brazil game starts! You’ll be surprised on  All-inclusive trip to the Final. Go play it! A team representing a country! #ForçaPortugal Leaving Portugal to prepare for the WorldCup Brazil. With open arms to the world, go Portugal! Happy to spend Children's Day with my son. You've never seen me play like this!  #riskeverything Hey guys, check out the new cool wallpapers on my website. Were you one of the winners of my #CR7underwear competition? Check out! Very soon will reach a million users. To celebrate I will follow the millionth user, will it be you? You asked: Hola Cris, saludos desde Ecuador, éxitos en el mundial, eres el mejor. You asked: Can you say "Ciao Chiara"?I'm italian :) You asked: Say hello to me and my cousin Nicholas, we are huge friends! My name is Brianne :) You asked: Can you say hello to me?  My name is Narin and I am from Germany You asked: Can you say hello to me?? 
My name is Maria :) You asked: Hola idolo, como estas? Puedes saludarme? Me llamo Mayra y te apoyo desde Argentina idolo! You asked: Olá, poderia mandar um abraço para uma grande fã do Brasil? :) On June 3rd, play for an exclusive trip to Brazil: win top seats for the Final and much more. Download the official song of the Portuguese National Team by produced by Here is the official song of the Portuguese National Team for the World Cup, performed by Kika. So uplifting! Today, the Sun publishes an interview with me that I never gave. So its content is pure fiction. Behind the scenes of the Shooting, guess which model I chose? Next week the National Team will be in the USA preparing the World Cup!First up, Mexico at Gillette Stadium, June 6th.Come support Portugal! Relaxing time. Taking a break to play the new #GALAXY11 Striker Soccer game. Who's got next?  Thanks for the support. Crazy days these last ones! Play soon for an exclusive trip + seats FINAL Rio, Brazil!  Follow & register for a signed Team Shirt. We’re Champions of Europe! I’m living a dream! Thank you all! #halamadrid #UCLfinal #lisbon La Décima is ours. Hala Madrid! #uclfinal #realmadrid #lisbon Let's go team #APorLaDécima!  Tomorrow will be a dream come true to play the final in Portugal, my welcoming country. In the biggest game against our closest rivals, there is only one option. #riskeverything Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o R. Madrid vs. A. Madrid no #VivaRonaldo. E tu? Saturday we’ll play #APorLaDécima. Cheer for the team and predict the result on Sportlobster Hey all fans! Come cheer us #APorLaDécima. Your support is our strenght. Would u like to fly to the final in Brazil?Pre-register:  & qualify to win a signed Team Shirt. Training for the final on Saturday! #APorLaDécima Brazil here we go! #ForçaPortugal You asked: ¡Hello Cristiano! Can you greet me.
Your great fan from Mexico. You asked: Hi Ronaldo! I love you so much! Please say hello to me! I am from Turkey! You asked: Hi Cristiano! how are you? can you tell me "Hello" Sofia ? You asked: Hola Cristiano, puedes saludarme 'Hola Tito'? You asked: Can you say hello to me.My name is Elbasan. You asked: Hi Cristiano, I`m a big fan from Norway! How fun it was to be part of this new commercial. Check out what happened behind the scenes. Hi guys, is giving away 2 shirts signed by me! Check  for details. #APorLaDecima Proud to be an ambassador for @sportlobster! Football is my lobster - #WhatsYourLobster?  Great day shooting Rankin x Ronaldo for #CR7Underwear with. Can't wait to show you the new collection! Know how it feels to be a winner!Pre-register at  and qualify to win a Team Shirt signed by me. Hey guys, have you checked out the different Fanzones on Sportlobster? Choose yours & follow me Hey,, how crazy was training today? Have you ever gone against an 8-arm goalie before? Morning training session I am pleased to see 95% of fans have predicted a win on Sportlobster. Have you made yours yet? I've been training with the best to take down aliens & save the world. Stay tuned
 #GALAXY11 #GALAXYS5 @SamsungMobile Sabem o que quer dizer CR? Não é bem o que estão a pensar. A D. Inércia do BES diz-vos.  There are only a few days left to win one of the 5 pairs of #CR7Underwear trunks signed by me! Go to  to enter! Não imaginam a pergunta que a Dona Inércia me fez. Vejam em I’m pleased to see I have so many followers on Sportlobster! Stay tuned, I’ll be following some fans. Will it be you? But stay tuned, because there's a lot more to come from You can join now at A round of applause to International FC for winning Round One of The GAME by Ronaldo. Congrats guys! Check out how revealed my new Flyknit Mercurial Superfly boots last week.  #riskeverything O que é que eu e a Dona Inércia temos em comum? Descubram em Go to  for your chance to win one of the 5 signed pairs of #CR7Underwear trunks. Good luck. Living a dream - Lisbon here we go - thank you all for the amazing support #roadtoLisbon#HalaMadrid. Check out the gift I got from. This TAG Heuer Carrera really suits me! What do you think? Winner stays!  #RiskEverything Such an honour to be one of TIME's 100 most influential people.  And even after May 1st you'll be able to continue playing on. So stay tuned at Last days of Round One guys but this amazing championship has more to come! Stay tuned join at Thanks guys. Good to be back on the pitch, specially with a win against Bayern. One step forward to the final. #RoadToLisbon You only become a giant by making them fall. #RiskEverything Do you know Sportlobster? It’s a great new social network just for sports. Get the app and follow me here. You asked: Can you say hello to me ,please? I am from Bulgaria!!! You asked: Eres un gran jugador pero aún mejor persona. Saludos desde Alicante :) You asked: Olá Cristiano ¿Como você está? Saudações da Argentina. Eu te amo ídolo You asked: I'm your #1 fan from England! Please could you possibly say "hi Noah" ... You asked: greetings from italy! You asked:Hello Cristiano!Could you please say hi to all madridistas here in Honduras?:) I've scored 14 goals in the Champions League. Can you do the same in CR Footy? Try it for free Download the #CR7emag to check it out. Available in Android  and iOS He awoke from a coma while listening to reports of Real Madrid games and came to Madrid to meet me. Do you wanna know more about the touching story of 14 year old Dawid? What an incredible night! Thanks to all the fans who celebrated with us. #CopadelRey First title of the season. #FinalCopa #champions What an exciting #FinalCopa! We are the Copa del Rey Champions. I'm proud of the team. Hala Madrid! ¡Los refuerzos van de camino! ;)
¡¡HALA MADRID!! Tomorrow is the #FinalCopa del Rey. Let’s all support the team! Hala Madrid! Check the standings  What's your favourite team?Who will win? A big shout out for all players and teams playing on Round One. Good luck for this final stretch guys! Welcome back Khedira! Flying with is an amazing experience, you never know who you’re going to bump into. Watch and share: Congratulations . Keep up the good work. Have you seen the fan portrait of in my #CR7emag? Maybe I will choose you for the next issue. Check it out. Check out my #Mercurial Vapor IXs Let's all support this Portuguese Human Rights campaign on Facebook! Another step in the competition. The team is now on the Champions League semi-finals. Enter the #CR7emag competition to win a Meet&Greet with me. Download it and take your chance! You can also sign up using mobile apps. Download them at   Have fun! Just to let you know that Round One of is running until > May 1st < Join at Every challenge is a new chance! Be brave when you step on the pitch.  #riskeverything Come support Portugal vs Ireland on June 10 at. It’s Portugal National Day. You asked: Can you say Hay? I am your #1 fan from Croatia. You asked: Hello Cristiano. I'm a huge fan from maldives. Please say hi. You asked: Ronaldo can you say hello? Im your #1 fan, in from México You asked: tu felicidad es lo mas preciado que se puede tener. Saludos desde Perú. You asked: Podrias mandarme saludos a Almeria ?@ainoaronaldita7 You asked: If you just say " Hello Raphael " Will be the best day of my life! You asked: Hi Cris. How are you? Greetings from Argentina (: I’ve lived to play football since I was a kid. My dreams became real but I never forgot where I’m from #Madeira Great shoot day for #vogue with Hey guys, never let anything stop you! Step up to every challenge! You will never guess who I bumped in to on my flight. Watch my new film here and share #AllTimeGreats It was great meeting you at the stadium on Sunday. Thanks for entering my #CR7Underwear competition! Hello all, have you checked the #CR7emag with lots of unpublished and exclusive content? Hey team! Do you want a ride for the training session? Hey guys, it’s #WorldWaterDay. #iLoveWater.Appreciate it and make a difference with Check out the real time stats for tomorrow’s Real Madrid-Barcelona match here:  by Dinner time. Nutrition is a weapon for me.  It’s an honor to be part of the family...many good things to come. Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o R. Madrid vs. Barcelona no #VivaRonaldo. E tu? Real Madrid will face Borussia Dortmund on the quarterfinals of Champions League. Let’s go team! Thank you all for making CR Footy the #1 sports game in 23 countries! Hope you enjoy playing! Ask me questions on Mobio and I may answer yours! Victory for the team, we are now qualified for the quarter-finals of the Champions League! Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o Team CR vs. Schalke 04 no #VivaRonaldo. E tu? Training session before the match against Schalke tomorrow. And don’t forget to download the mobile apps -  - Glad to see many teams and players already having a good time playing with each other. Good luck guys! If you have a team with friends sign it up on my championship It's a great way to enjoy real football. The new mobile version of Cristiano Ronaldo Footy is now live. Download it free! Thank you for your kind words.Glad to be part of the team with so many amazing athletes like you The last Cheer event on was great! Congrats. Thanks everyone I stand #withSyria. Innocent children need our help. Learn more about here Get my new mobile game Cristiano Ronaldo Footy for free! Hi guys, who wants to join me in space? Suit up for #GALAXY11 and help fight for Earth! Take a look at this “Sport doesn’t care” video. Sport makes no distinctions. You asked: Any memorable fan you have met so far? You asked: Ronaldo Can you tell me hello ? You asked: Do you like Greece??:-) You asked: Favorite place to travel? You asked: hi,do you have any brothers ? You asked: Can you make my dream come true by saying something to me? You asked: Top 3 songs you love at the moment? You asked: What was your first tought when you won Ballon d'Or? Great game for the National Team last night #forçaportugal Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o Portugal vs. Cameroon no #VivaRonaldo. E tu? É uma grande honra apresentar o nosso novo equipamento para jogar sem medo. #jogasemmedo indeed “@XXL: .@LilTunechi Signed After Listening To One Verse Have you seen Sir Alex Ferguson exclusive interview on the #CR7emag about my time on? Take a look. #CR7emag is a perfect way to see what you get up to. It's fantastic for your fans! Just purchased #Cr7emag , it is a really wonderful gift for us. Gracias. You are our Idol. im so in love with the new #CR7emag !!!! Perfection!! #CR7emag is just a must-have! Its amazing and thank you so much for sharing all those stuffs with your fans! Just purchased #CR7eMag..it is so amazing to know everything that i never seen before..thank u for sharing it with us… #CR7emag Sin palabras.. Es genial. Felicidades. i love the new #CR7emag .. So cool :) #CR7emag está genial, lo amo, estamos orgullosos de ti Cris, Buena suerte ídolo. acabo de conocer #CR7emag y está fenomenal! new #CR7emag looks amazing. I just phrased it. Amazing work. Very easy to use and its enjoyable :) I loved your CR7 eMag!!! It is amazing! It was so good to be able to see the backstage of BdO, interviews wit… I'm so happy because I'm in your magazine (Paula) and i love your new magazine!! :) I love it! It looks amazing :) #cr7emag Everyone should download 's #cr7emag its full of amazing things, like moments of CR7! I love it 😍 nos encanta #CR7emag I love how you do so much for your fans, and your new emag is amazing! 😄 Congratulations with launching #CR7emag! It's really great! So proud of you! Omg just purchased the #CR7emag I love it, it's amazing nos gusta #CR7emag. Today I’m launching the #CR7emag with lots of behind the scenes and really cool exclusive content.  Hope you like it! What a night! A great result leads us one step closer to the next stage. Big game coming up tonight. The team will play for the Champions League. Hala Madrid! Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o Schalke 04 vs. Team CR no #VivaRonaldo. E tu? Hey guys, I’m preparing something really cool for all my fans that I’ll share with you very soon. Stay tuned. Well done, team! Hala Madrid! It looks AMAZING! We're proud of you, idol! that's nice, i like your new website :) Check out's new website to see which children's organization is part of his team-->  … Thank you for all the posts you shared on the Fanwall on my new website. They are really great! Keep sharing here: Hey guys. Have a sneak peek of an interview I gave with my friends from. Are you curious? Today I’m proud to present you my new official #website, a little gift for all of you. Welcome to  What do you think? Loading... What a great match! The team made it to the final of Copa del Rey! Hala Madrid! Calling all #VivaRonaldo fans: we need your help to win a Shorty Award now! :) Your participation on the Happy Birthday event was fantastic! Congrats. Thanks everyone for the support. It was fabulous to celebrate my birthday yesterday with my friends and family, I had a great time. Thank you all! Birthday celebrations for my bro in Madrid! Amazing night! Thanks, you're fantastic! Check out the video below, sign up and let’s make some great matches people. How far are you willing to go? Hey footballers! Sign up your Team on the most exciting football competition of the moment. Step up to the challenge. Great photos from the fans last night at the stadium. Thank you so much The team did a great match last night! One step closer to the Copa del Rey final. Hala Madrid! Thanks. It looks really nice! Thank you so much Thank you for the birthday present. It will look better on me than you though. Hello Paris! Thank you Thank you. Greetings to Indonesia. Gracias Thanks Muchas gracias Thank you Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o Bilbao vs. Team CR no #VivaRonaldo. E tu? #FF Very good news about my young friend Guillermo. With your help he found a bone marrow donor! Thanks everyone, let's keep helping other kids. You asked: Can you PLZ say HI to my son Peyton who is a huge fan...... You asked: Out of football what is your most preferred sport? You asked: Can you say "Hello Sara?" it would literally be the best day ever!!! You asked: Can you post a picture with you latest football award! You asked: Picture of you playing soccer as a youth please. The team reached its goal. is now on the Copa del Rey semi-finals. Download the apps, schedule matches, update results from the field. Your GAME happens everywhere! Hey guys is now available for Android  and iOS  Check them out! Share a photo or video on  I’ll pick my favourite & post it on my FB and Twitter. Sign up on  go to MATCHES and schedule Real Games with other Teams. How far are you willing to go? Attention: Round One is NOW OPEN to everyone! Let the GAMES begin! Today I shared the Ballon d'Or with the Real Madrid fans in the Bernabéu. This award is also yours. Last training before the match done! Tomorrow we’ll face Granada. Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o Team CR vs. Granada no #VivaRonaldo. E tu? Um abraço para Timor Leste. Hello Japan. Bom dia! Abraço para a Guiné-Bissau. Thank you so much. Couldn’t do it without the support of fans on Twitter. Hello, how are you? Hope you’re good. One step ahead in the Copa del Rey competition! Now comes the second leg in Madrid! Today we’ll play for the Copa del Rey against Espanyol. Let’s go team! Going to start using Mobio! Ask me questions and I will answer some! Such an honour to receive the grade of Grand Officer of the Order of Prince Henry the Navigator. Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o Betis vs. Team CR no #VivaRonaldo. E tu? Here we go to the quarter-finals of Copa del Rey. Hala Madrid! Obrigado. Estamos juntos. Thank you. It’s an honour to receive this award. Muito obrigado pelo apoio. 69 goals. 8 hat-tricks. 41 wins. But that was last year. #justdoit I'm very, very happy! Thank you. Shout out to my bro's and thanks for the support. Muchas gracias! It's a great feeling! Thank you. Muchas gracias a todos. Thanks for your support. It means a lot. Este premio es de todos. De todo el equipo y staff. Y de toda la afición! Muchas gracias, Falcao, es un orgullo. Very proud to win the Ballon d’Or for the second time, it means so much to me. I thank my teammates. Great fans lead to great moments. Thank you!  #BallondOr2013 I’m good how are you? What’s going on? Everything good in Denmark? Hola! Estoy bien y tu? Saludos a los fans de Colombia. Hola Honduras! Hola Venezuela! This win against Osasuna leads us closer to the next stage of Copa del Rey. Hala Madrid! Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o Team CR vs. Osasuna no #VivaRonaldo. E tu? I dedicate these 2 goals to you Eusébio but in fact you were the one who scored them. You'll always be in my heart. Always eternal #Eusebio, rest in peace It’s with an indescribable feeling of pride and honour that I’ll be distinguish Grand Officer of the Order of Prince Henry the Navigator. Great start in 2014 with a win over PSG. Hala Madrid! Thanks for this award. It's an honour. After a combined vote of ESPN FC readers and staff, we are proud to announce that our “2013 belonged to” award winner is… Getting ready for next year with the last massage. 2013 was like this, let’s welcome 2014! Happy to win the Globe Soccer Award for Best Player of the Year. Thanks for voting in me. Enjoying some family time in the aquarium. Hey guys! Merry Christmas everyone! Hope all your wishes come true. Hey guys, this year was great, but the next one will be even better. #justdoit Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o Valencia vs. Team CR no #VivaRonaldo. E tu? Pieces from my #cr7underwear collection will be some of my Christmas gifts.See the whole range #FF Hey guys, #FF Hey guys, I was nominated for Globe Soccer Fan’s Favorite Player Award. Vote here  or here Citizens of Earth, get ready for the game of a lifetime. #GALAXY11 has the world's best, ready to defend our planet! Xmas season is open on! Share some great gifts with your friends and me Thank you guys! Have you entered my #CR7underwear competition yet? Make sure to visit  to win some pieces. It's a real honour to open the CR7 Museum in my hometown Funchal. I'm very happy and excited. The Alien threat is here - I've joined #GALAXY11 to play football in space and defend this planet that we love...  Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o Osasuna vs. Team CR no #VivaRonaldo. E tu? Gracias a todos. Feliz Navidad! .@VivaRonaldo is where my true fans belong. Join my official community. As an early Xmas present, visit  to win some of my #CR7underwear collection favourite pieces. Hi guys. Group stage is done, now looking forward to the next round. Tonight another game on the Champions League. Let's go team! Hala Madrid! Hey guys, we arrived in Copenhagen for another Champions League game tomorrow! Thankful Madiba for your legacy and your example. You"ll always stay with us. Check the rankings  spread the word, lead your city to the top! Help your city reach 100 ready teams (with 5 players or more) and start competing in #GAMEbyRonaldo right away. Enjoyable dinner with family and friends in Madeira. It’s an honour and a privilege to receive the award of Liga de Fútbol Professional Most Valuable Player of 2012/13. Go guys! RT Let's vote #VivaRonaldo for Best Mobile App Crunchies Award! Vote daily until December 15 Hello guys. I’m very happy to win the trophy Alfredo di Stéfano again this year. Thanks everyone! Boa semana! Hello Uzbekistan! Good morning. How are you doing? I'm sure we will meet one day. Well done, team! Thanks to the fans for the great support. I wish I was there helping my team. Welcome to Twitter! Heading back to the hotel with this great surprise. Thank you guys. I’m very happy with my own #cr7underwear line, love it! Visit  to know more Thanks for the support on Cheer Ronaldo on the past days. Congratulations to the winner Thanks #Portugal! Your support was indescribable. You gave us the strenght that makes us believe! All together we did it! Brazil is waiting for us! #ForçaPortugal Tonight we must be fearless. 1, 2, 3 PORTUGAL PORTUGAL PORTUGAL Thank you to all the #VivaRonaldo fans. Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o Sweden vs. Portugal no #VivaRonaldo. E tu? Khedira, I wish you all the best for your recovery. You're a fighter and we wait for your fast return. The World Cup is waiting for you. What a game! #Portugal let's do this!
Europe:  
US: Tomorrow we’ll face Sweden in a very important match for #Portugal. We count on your support! #ForçaPortugal Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o Portugal vs. Sweden no #VivaRonaldo. E tu? Good morning. Yes, big game coming up on Friday! Hello, how are you? Well I hope my tweet helps! Your support means everything. Thanks. Good morning, Russia. All of my support to the victims of #Haiyan. is helping meet children’s basic needs. Let’s all help Saludos Argentina Ciao, Italia! Hi there. Greetings to Egypt! Hope you enjoyed being at Bernabéu! Thank you, your support means so much to me. Hello you. How are you? Big hello to Cape Town, South Africa Hello Kanishk, how are you doing? Good afternoon New Jersey. Hello Tunisia. Kids helping kids while staying healthy & happy! Big Win in Mozambique! Great! It’s for Szymon, right? Nice! Hi! A good day for you too. Hello to all the Italian fans. Hola Paraguay! Hola. Saludos. Todo mi cariño y mi apoyo a #homenajeacaceres del el dia 13 en La Romareda. The winning team will get a trip from anywhere in the world to see me play live! Register your team: Want to see me play a match? starts November 20. Registrations are open now: I’m good, how are you? Hi Dana. Not a dream anymore! Hola Chile! Want to compete in Round One of? Register now: The wait is over. It’s live! Registrations for are now open: Hello guys. We’re already in Italy. Looking forward for the match tomorrow. Hala Madrid! Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o Juventus vs. Team CR no Viva Ronaldo. E tu? - Hey everyone, look whom I met on Saturday. It’s Robby Cano, Yankees player. A big hello to Jordan. Hola, buenas tardes. Thank you. The team will fight for the win. Hello. You too have a good day. Grazie Italia. Good morning...! Taking off to Turin. Let's go team! Hala Madrid!! Do you want to know more about? Read our FAQ:  Registrations will open in less than 48 hours. Less than 48 hours to go! Registrations for will open this Tuesday @ 12:00 London time. Find out more: And you can watch the exclusive behind the scenes of my #CR7underwear shoot here My #CR7underwear line is now available to buy! Check it out at I had a great day launching #CR7underwear today. Thanks to JBS and. You can now check out the full #CR7underwear collection at  Here’s one of my favourite designs Proud to see this image from the #CR7underwear campaign displayed in one of Madrid’s most famous landmarks today. I am very excited to be officially launching my #CR7underwear collection in Madrid. I wish Mr.Blatter health and a long life, with the certainty that he'll continue to witness the successes of his favourite teams and players This video shows the respect and consideration that FIFA has for me, my club and my country. Much is explained now Playing to be the next F1 pilot. A big hello to Switzerland. Hi there,  how are you? Gracías, me gustan mucho. Good morning, Honduras. Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o Barcelona vs. Team CR no Viva Ronaldo. E tu? - I'm good. You're welcome. Bonjour France! Good morning Algeria. Happy birthday. Hope you have a great day. Hello, good morning. How are you doing? Of course! A big hello to you. Hola Colombia. That’s true, another big game coming up on Saturday. Here it goes, a big hello to you and all Australian fans. Hello. Good luck for your exams. Thanks, your support is very important for me. What an exciting game at the Bernabéu! Hala Madrid! Thanks guys. Thank you. Thank you everyone who voted for me to help me meet my idol ! Can't wait, its a dream becoming a reality! htt… Still, I'm happy to congratulate for winning the contest with this photo. Wrong phrases out of the contest can be tricky, especially for the ones not paying attention. Just realize that there's a lot of buzz around my #cr7underwear collection for kids. , I'm looking forward to meeting you and your best friend in Madrid soon. Hello, I’m doing great, how are you? Hola Ecuador. Good morning to all my Malaysian fans. A “Ciao” will do? Hi to Italy! Thank you, it’s a big week with big games coming up! Saludos a las Islas Canarias. Hey guys! There’s a big game coming up tomorrow. Let’s fight for the win! Hala Madrid! Dinner time. Saludos a todos en Mexico. Good afternoon Turkey. Hello there, how are you doing? @nikefootball I’m glad you like them. Yes, it’s amazing! Thanks everyone! How fast is fast? You tell me. #Mercurial Excited about my new #CR7 collection. Europe:   US: My new #Mercurial boots from - what do you think? Do you think football has limits? I don’t think so. Stay tuned! #CR7 Next week, we'll be giving all the details on the biggest football competition ever. Follow . The moment is coming to get your 5-a-side team together. Follow to stay updated. Here you have, a big hello to you and Iraq. Thank you. Hope you watch the game tomorrow. Hola Mexico! You too. I guess it is! Have a great day. Hola Venezuela. #VivaRonaldo winners were in Lisbon for Portugal-Israel.Thanks and! Hope you liked it. Great, hope you enjoy the game. Hey, that’s very nice, my fans are the best! Hello there, how are you? Hala Madrid! Good afternoon Germany! Hello. Greetings to Morocco. I’m good, how are you? I trained this morning with the team. Morning training for Saturday’s match against Málaga. I’m pretty good. How are you doing? Thank you. I’ll be training in the afternoon. Work hard every day and never give up! Hola a todos. Thanks, your support means a lot. My CR7 Boys Underwear Competition is now live. I’ll meet the winner in Madrid! Show your support and participate here Get ready to play football. Get ready for! Launching end of October. Worldwide! Your football gear is soon getting an upgrade! Track your stats, matches and player career in a global competition. Follow. Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o Levante vs. Team CR no Viva Ronaldo. E tu? - I’m happy to have scored twice last night on my 100th game on the European competitions. REAL Players, REAL Teams, REAL Matches, REAL Football. Take part in the competition! Follow. I’ll be launching a revolutionary football competition. End of October, Worldwide! Follow. Parabéns aos dois. Deixaram todos os portugueses orgulhosos neste dia. Que dia único para Portugal! Os nossos atletas João Sousa no ténis e Rui Costa no ciclismo fizeram história hoje. Big game today! Are you ready? Can you run it like Ronaldo?  Play Cristiano Ronaldo's Footy online for FREE today! Want to hear more about my new underwear collection from? Take a look  #CR7 #jbs #richardchai Hey guys. Thank you so much for your support on What a great win yesterday for The #GAMEbyRonaldo is the global 5-a-side football competition you & your team don’t want to miss. Coming in October. Follow Great wins are built on great teams. Put together your team for the global 5-a-side football competition. Follow for more. So excited about my new underwear collection by the designer and JBS. Visit Here are some stats of last games. Find out the winners of last night and join us on What an amazing kick-off on the Champions League last night! Hala Madrid! Renewal Real Madrid Congrats for winning the #boxing match last night. It's a privilege to continue in this house. It’s given me a lot. thank you! Today is a very special day for me. I'm proud to renew my contract with. Hala Madrid! I really appreciate watching the best soccer player in the world,. Thank you for supporting me. Do you like boxing? Watch my friend's boxing match this weekend. Go here for info on #TheOne Imagine yourself going head to head with the whole world. Dare to be challenged! Step up and follow. This October, I will launch the ultimate football competition for every team around the globe to join. Stay updated, follow. I’m launching my new underwear collection later this year! Can’t wait.  #CR7 #ronaldo #jbs I’ll be cheering for Portugal. You can also do it sending your photos to  #cheerronaldo Thank you for your dedication. Thanks. The team is working together to make it! Hola. Saludos Guatemala. If you live and breath football and you think you have what it takes to win a Global Competition, follow now! Game on! We Have a Winner! Congratulations Felipe Hernandez, Tenerife. You just won a pair of my own Signed Boots. Follow for more. Hey #Boston fans, unfortunately I'm injured and I'll miss the game against Brazil. But thank you so much for your incredible support. I would like to dedicate this victory to my father that has left us 8 years ago. It was an important result for #Portugal in a very special date for me. Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o N. Ireland vs Portugal no Viva Ronaldo, e tu? - Good to be with my Portuguese teammates. Barbecue in the afternoon after a great win. For each one of you. Training for next match on Sunday. With the win last night gets the Teresa Herrera Trophy. Hala Madrid! Show me your football skills! Submit your photos and you may win a pair of my own boots: I'm giving away a pair of my own boots to the winner! KICK-OFF Photo Challenge - ends 8 September: Here are some stats from last game. Once again thanks for all the support on #VivaRonaldo New boots, directly from Portugal!! Ahhhhhh, obrigada Cristiano😍😍😍 Muchas gracias. Good day India! Great! Glad you liked my country Portugal and hope you’ll return. Great win for against Granada last night. Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o Granada vs Team CR no Viva Ronaldo, e tu? - KICK-OFF Photo Challenge - Enter to Win by Sharing Your Best Football Moments: Are you a football player? Do you have your own football photos to share? I want to see them: What a nice moment last night with Raul, playing together for. Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o Team CR vs Al Sadd no Viva Ronaldo, e tu? - 10 great and amazing years representing Portugal. It’s an honour for me. Hello. It was hot but always great. Thank you. We count on your support. Hello Russia! Great work, it’s very nice. Yesterday we kicked off the new season with a win! Thank you for your support on #VivaRonaldo Would you like to meet me, get VIP tickets or win many other prizes? Join me on #VivaRonaldo! Love playing Football? Think you have the skills to join a global competition? Follow now! I'll be unveiling an amazing worldwide football competition soon. Ready for the challenge? Visit  now! Ready for take off. A big hello to Kosovo. Hola Nicaragua. Thank you, it was an exciting game. Loved it! Yes, it is. Hello there! What a great #win last night at the #ICC2013 in #Miami. #RealMadrid was #amazing #pickoftheday Getting ready for the game tonight in #Miami. Will you be watching? Thank you guys, your #support is #amazing. Thanks to my fans in the US for your support during these matches! Cheers to the #VivaRonaldo winners in #ICC2013. Look who I run into yesterday! It's Giving away some autographs with Yesterday with and Happy to have met and at the game yesterday. Funny message from #Phoenix supporters. Thank your guys. During the #ICC2013,you can win tickets on #VivaRonaldo to watch me play in Miami! Get the app Can you catch it? Thanks guys for your amazing photos. Loved it. #weare20million contest was great. Congratulations. You'll win a personalized mousepad by. An example to follow #weare20million gracias por tantos años de inspiración, you changed my life. #weare20million fans proud of you. ❤⚽ 'Si algo me has enseñado, es que nada es imposible, y todo es cuestión de luchar' #weare20million You are my inspiration & role model. I will always support you <3 #weare20million I like football, but your way of practicing it even better. You are my inspiration #weare20million #weare20million PLEASE RETWEET Cristiano, I'm your biggest fan, I'll never stop supporting you #weare20million Supporting CR7 for 7 years :) maybe it is his special year! I want to give him good luck! htt… Today is the last prize, so hurry! I’ll RT some of my favourite #weare20million photos and the most retweeted wins. Hey guys. Today you can win a personalized mousepad by. Send your photos with #weare20million. Had a great time throwing 1st pitch yesterday at the Dodgers Game. Keep sending your photos #weare20million. Tomorrow you can win another prize. Well done you'll the winner of today. A pair of signed boots for you. I love you, my idol ♥ #weare20million I love you! #weare20million you're my idol. Thank you for being my inspiration. Always proud of you and beside you. #weare20million Forca  Portugal!! #Weare20million Cristiano thank you for all you've done you've changed my life #weare20million 💚😘😍⚽ #weare20million Proud to be Madridista. You are the best. You are my inspiration. ❤⚽ #WeAre20Million #weare20million #weare20million ambition, fighting, caste, honor, strength, perseverance thats what CR7 means! The most retweeted from my selection of #weare20million photos is the winner. Good luck! Today you can win a pair of signed boots. Send your photos with #weare20million so you can have the chance to win. Hey guys, I'm throwing 1st pitch tonight at Dodgers Game! Hope I'll be better than on the PRO. Tomorrow there's a new prize you can win #weare20million , you're today's winner. You'll get a personalized smartphone cover by #weare20million you're my idol<3 #weare20million you are the best, i always support you All my family like football and support you !!! #weare20million You are my inspiration ! #weare20million #weare20million Porque con Cristiano Ronaldo los imposibles no existen. #weare20million cuentas con todo nuestro apoyo Cris! Nunca vas a estar solo porque #weare20million #WeAre20Million <333333 You're my idol, inspiration, and role model, I Love you <3 PLEASE Retweet <3 You know how it goes: I’ll choose a few and the most retweeted will win #weare20million I’m loving your photos, guys! Keep sending them with #weare20million so you can win a personalized smartphone cover by Me and Beckham in the preseason in Los Angeles RT if you're excited to see in #ICC2013! Stay tuned for tomorrow's prize. #weare20million Congrats. You'll win a signed football. #weare20million #weare20million I'LL ALWAYS SUPPORT YOU❤⚽ #weare20million 
-winter football love for football #weare20million #weare20million You are my Football inspiration! Your the best! PLEASE RETWEET ME! #weare20million always supporting you and Real Madrid! for my FOOTBALL IS PASSION AND EVERYTHING #weare20million #weare20million 
You are my inspiration! 