Affection and compassion are indispensable in daily life. Idealistic as it may sound, altruism should be the driving force in business, not just competition and a desire for wealth. True compassion isn’t just an emotional response, it’s a firm commitment founded on reason, which doesn’t change if others behave badly. Determination, courage, self-confidence lead to success, but we should always remain humble, modest and unpretentious. Showing respect for others’ rights and views is not only the source of reconciliation it’s also an aspect of compassion. Tolerance is always important, it helps us overcome difficulties. Without it, small things irritate us and we overreact. Material development only gives us sensory pleasure, but to be lastingly happy we need to develop our minds. We need calm minds. Being aware of a single shortcoming within yourself is far more useful than being aware of a thousand in someone else. The purpose of religion is not building grand temples but cultivating positive human qualities like tolerance, generosity and love. We can develop patience and change our attitudes through steady practice - the human mind has such potential. Concern yourselves more with the needs of others, with the needs of all humanity, and you'll have peace of mind. Compassion suits our physical condition, whereas anger, fear and distrust are harmful to our well-being. True friendship develops not as a result of money or power but on the basis of genuine human affection. If we were to think of other people as our human brothers and sisters, there’d be no room for quarrelling or killing each other. Short clip: HHDL answers a question from a young student on compassion at MIT in Cambridge, MA, USA on Oct 31, 2014 You can't buy inner peace or wisdom with money. You have to create them within yourself. Without technology humanity has no future, but we have to be careful that we don’t become so mechanised that we lose our human feelings. To meet this century’s challenges, human beings need a greater sense of universal responsibility. Compassion should be unbiased, based on a recognition that others have a right to happiness, just as you do. Love and kindness are the very basis of society. If we lose these positive emotions, society will face tremendous difficulties. Human rights apply to every country because all human beings share an inherent yearning for freedom, dignity and equality. If you develop care and concern for others, you’ll develop a kind of inner strength in spite of your own difficulties and problems. We need to balance material and spiritual progress, acting with love and compassion can help achieve that balance. I believe that human nature is fundamentally positive and gentle; therefore, a human approach should be non-violent. If we do nothing to restrain our angry, spiteful, and malicious thoughts and emotions, happiness will elude us. Even small acts of compassion bring meaning and purpose to our lives. My number one commitment is to extend awareness that peace of mind depends on our cultivating inner values. Affection, warm-heartedness, that makes us happy; wealth alone can’t do that. The value of compassion and forgiveness is not confined to matters of religion. These are human values that we shouldn’t neglect. Patience as we wait to take action is a kind of compassionate mind. Impatience on the other hand can be a source of failure. A calm mind makes us relaxed, improves our health and makes for happier families and communities. Live Webcasts: HHDL's teaching on Nagarjuna's "Precious Garland" from Dharamsala, India on November 11-13. Affection, a sense of community and a sense of concern for others are not some kind of luxury. They’re about the survival of humanity. Cultivating a genuine sense of concern for others’ well-being is the basis for the trust that makes happiness and friendship possible. If you make others happy, you’ll be happy. If you make others unhappy, you’ll be miserable. Live webcasts of HHDL's teachings and dialogues from Boston and New York City on October 31st to November 5th. We are social animals and it is in our own interest, if we want to live a happy life, to think of the rest of humanity. Live Webcasts: HHDL’s public talks and discussions from Birmingham, Alabama and Princeton, New Jersey on Oct 25-28. It’s not just money we need to lead a happy life; more important is to find inner peace. Compassion indicates strength, while anger is a sign of weakness and forgiveness is about not giving in to anger or thoughts of revenge. If we want to improve humanity, we have to start with individuals. Tackling destructive emotions like anger and hatred entails developing constructive emotions like love and compassion. Our intelligence needs to be guided by warm-heartedness. Live webcast: HHDL with Nobel Laureates in Dharamsala, India starting at 9:30am IST on October 2nd. If you’re angry and resentful it’s like being part of a chain reaction; forgiveness puts a stop to anger, ill-will and a desire for revenge. It is evident that to help others rather than harming them, treating them with love and compassion leads to lasting trust and friendship. The idea of one side suffering defeat while the other side triumphs is out of date. Instead we have to develop dialogue. Live Webcasts: HHDL convenes "A Meeting of Diverse Spiritual Traditions in India" Sept 20-21 from New Delhi, India. In order to derive the maximum benefit the wise thing is take care of others. Developing an attitude more concerned with others reduces fear and fosters friendship. When we have an altruistic motivation, all our actions become constructive. We need cooperation based on trust and self-confidence to create an open, compassionate, harmonious society. There needs to be a systematic approach to introducing inner values, a warm-hearted concern for all human beings, into education. Compassion is a source of happiness, while self-centerdness can lead ultimately to violence. HHDL thanking the crowd at celebrations honoring his 79th birthday at the 33rd Kalachakra in Ladakh, India on July 6 Live Webcasts: HHDL's Kalachakra teachings from Ladakh, J&K, India on July 3-13. Warm-heartedness and concern for others’ well-being are a condition for happiness, whether you are religious or not. Non-violence is when one has the chance to harm another but resists from doing so, this is genuine non-violence. The quality of our actions, whether they are positive or negative, depends on our motivation. This is why we have to transform our minds. We need to consider how our actions affect wildlife and the environment, and how they are likely to affect others. Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings from Tibetan Childrens' Village School (TCV) in Dharamsala, India on June 4-6. Warm-heartedness and compassion are the keys to being happy human beings living in happy families and communities Live Webcasts: HHDL's Introductory Teaching on Buddhism from Mumbai, India on May 30th - June 2nd. I often tease young people about their concern for how they look; more important is inner beauty - compassion, affection and respect. Wherever I go I try to hold discussions with members of other religious traditions, because it is important to get to know about them. The more we are concerned for the well-being of others, the closer we will feel to each other. Live Webcasts: HHDL's public talk, interactive session with students & discussion from Frankfurt, Germany May 14-15. Live webcasts of HHDL's teaching and public talk from Oslo, Norway on May 8-9, 2014. If we cherish non-violence and concern for others’ well-being it is possible to make this a more peaceful century. Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings on the "Heart Sutra" & "37 Practices of Bodhisattvas" from Riga, Latvia on May 5-6 Archbishop Desmond Tutu challenges the world to forgive. Join the #ForgivenessChallenge. A meaningful life isn't about acquiring money and other facilities; it’s about dedicating your life to helping others as much as you can. As a human being, I believe each one of us should have some concern for others and for the planet. It is always helpful to remain honest and truthful in the face of difficulty. In addition to modern education, there is a need to learn how to achieve inner peace. Pay more attention to compassion and you’ll find you’re happier. It’s that practical and simple. We need to see that anger is never any use in solving problems, but that patience and compassion are helpful. If tragedy strikes, don’t lose hope. Transform it into an opportunity to make things better. HHDL speaks about genuine friendship in this short video clip from his meeting with students in New Delhi on March 22 When you are concerned for the welfare of others, bullying and exploitation cease. Live Webcast: HHDL will bestow the Medicine Buddha Empowerment from Dharamsala, India on March 31st. We have to try to solve local problems keeping global interests in mind. We can teach people how to be happy on the basis of secular ethics, that a compassionate mind is useful, beneficial and secular in nature. The power of truth never declines. Force and violence may be effective in the short term, but in the long run it’s truth that prevails. Concern for others is not just a matter of religious practice; it’s a practical step towards creating a happy society. Live Webcast: HHDL’s teaching on the “Life Stories of the Buddha (Jataka Tales)” from Dharamsala, India on March 16. Even people opposed to religion need calm minds and compassion to make their work more effective. Watch: HHDL delivers the Opening Prayer at the US Senate on Capitol Hill in Washington DC on March 6th. We all need basic human values rooted in trust and affection. Live Webcasts: HHDL's talks and Tibetan New Year's celebrations from Minneapolis and Washington DC on March 1-7. Warm-heartedness gives rise to the self-confidence and inner strength that supports a calm mind. His Holiness the Dalai Lama is now on. You can follow the official account at Watch Live: HHDL joins HuffPost Live from Los Angeles on February 26th starting at 8:45am PST. Just as we teach about physical hygiene in the interest of good health, we now need to teach about mental or emotional hygiene too. His Holiness the Dalai Lama with President Barack Obama in the Map Room of the White House on February 21, 2014. It is important to appreciate the contribution compassion and warm-heartedness make to happiness. HHDL will talk on "Non-Violence and the Effects of Compassion in the 21st Century" at the Forum in Los Angeles Feb 25 Live: Panel discussions with HHDL hosted by the American Enterprise Institute in Washington, DC on February 20th. Everyone wants to lead a happy life, a meaningful life. In order to fulfil this goal our practice should be realistic. When you face problems in your lives, don’t resort to the use of force, try to employ dialogue to find a solution. Whether we follow a religious path or not, as human beings we all need affection. We must design education that provides for both knowledge and a healthy mind, creating a sense of compassion that responds to all humanity. We have to build a better, more equal world through peace and non-violence. It would help if there were greater understanding that anger never helps to solve a problem. Leading your life honestly and truthfully will create trust and friendship. Now we’re so interdependent, we need to build trust and confidence. On a national or personal level self-centredness is a source of trouble. You can’t help someone just by making a wish to do so, you have to take action. We need a sense of belonging to one humanity, respecting the rights and views of others. If you dedicate yourself to helping others, you’ll be happier. We can only transform humanity and create a happier more compassionate world through education. HHDL’s New Year’s message in this short video clip from his teachings at Sera Jey Monastery, South India on Jan 1st. Today, let us wish each other a Happy New Year, but also that we may make it meaningful. No matter what our motivation may be, if we are not realistic we will not fulfil our goal. In order to exercise creativity, freedom of thought is essential. Live: HHDL teaches on the 18 Great Stages of the Path (Lam Rim) Commentaries at Sera Monastery, India Dec 25 – Jan 3 Live: HHDL’s teaching on Shantideva’s “Guide to the Bodhisattva’s Way of Life” from New Delhi, India, December 21-22. We cannot change the past, but we can reshape the future. Young people have the opportunity to create a happier, better future Live: HHDL, Archbishop Tutu, Richard Branson, Mary Robinson, honor Nelson Mandela  Ask questions with #MandelaTribute. All beings want to live in peace and happiness, undisturbed. Therefore the concept of human rights is universal. Anger and hatred lead to fear; compassion and concern for others allow us to develop self-confidence, which breeds trust and friendship. HHDL responds to the passing away of Nelson Mandela in this clip from his talk in New Delhi, India on December 6th. His Holiness the Dalai Lama expresses condolences at the passing away of Nelson Mandela It’s harmful to employ technology fired by anger and hatred. It can only be beneficial if we’re motivated to seek the welfare of all beings. Live webcasts: HHDL's teachings from New Delhi, India on December 2-3, 2013. Sometimes things go wrong; that’s normal. But we have a saying in Tibetan, ‘Nine times fail, nine times try again'. Because of the risks involved in indulging in unrestrained desire and greed we need to cultivate contentment and simplicity. I believe compassion to be one of the few things we can practice that will bring immediate and long-term happiness to our lives. HHDL is greeted by students on his arrival at Yakumo Academy, a girl’s school in Tokyo, Japan on November 18th Not only is your own happiness and welfare related to others, but the more you help them, the happier you will be. I try to treat whoever I meet as an old friend. This gives me a genuine feeling of happiness. Live Webcast: HHDL's one day teaching on "Three Principal Aspects of the Path" in Dharamsala, India on November 11. Since we are increasingly interdependent it's time to develop a sense of global responsibility, to help each other and promote human values. Great changes start with individuals; the basis of world peace is inner peace in the hearts of individuals, something we can all work for. If we have a good heart and concern for others, our actions will be positive. The challenge today is to convince people of the value of truth, honesty, compassion and a concern for others. Live: Mind & Life XXVII Conference - Desire, Craving and Addiction with HHDL from Dharamsala, India on Oct 28 - Nov 1 Love and compassion are qualities that human beings require just to live together. We need values based on common sense, experience and scientific findings, what I refer to as secular ethics. Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings and talk from the Beacon Theatre in New York City on October 18-20. If you want change, create the causes. Having a compassionate attitude is the ultimate basis for living a happy life. Live webcasts: HHDL's talks, teaching and discussions from Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, USA on October 8-10 Prayer can be of great solace to the individual, but changing the world requires us to take action. If we make a common attempt to improve our education systems, we can educate the coming generations to be more compassionate. Live: HHDL's teaching on 60 Stanzas of Reasoning & Path of the Stages of Enlightenment from India on Sept 30 - Oct 3 As human beings, we have a common responsibility to build a more peaceful society. The opponent of peace of mind is not something external, but within us. Use your human intelligence in the best way you can; transform your emotions in a positive way. Fear that makes us run from a mad dog is useful and necessary, whereas fear rooted in mistrust is unhelpful and needs to be overcome. Nobel Peace Laureates HHDL and  Aung San Suu Kyi during their meeting in Prague, Czech Republic on September 15th. In order to derive the maximum benefit the wise thing is to take care of others. Live Webcasts: HHDL's talks, teachings and discussions from Lithuania and the Czech Republic on September 12-16. Forgiveness is how we put a stop to anger, ill-will and a desire for revenge. Live Webcast: HHDL's talk "The Culture of Compassion" from Riga, Latvia on September 9th starting at 1:30pm CEST If we have peace of mind, we’ll always feel happy. Deceiving ourselves that money is the source of happiness, we won’t. I’m optimistic that there is a growing appetite for peace in the world. Many young people are fed up with war and violence. Live Webcasts: HHDL's teaching on "A Guide to the Bodhisattva's Way of Life" from Dharamsala, India on September 3-5. HHDL speaks about his dream on the 50th anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech. #DreamDay Warm-heartedness is the key factor that allows me to smile and be happy, even in the company of strangers. Live: HHDL's teaching on Stages of the Path to Enlightenment & Overview of Tantra from Dharamsala, India August 25-27 Blessings don’t come from outside, but from within. Whatever blessings we receive are the result of our own efforts and positive actions. Anger destroys our peace of mind and causes trouble. It also hampers our ability to function properly. Wherever I go I talk to people about the need to be aware of the oneness of humanity. Compassion is what makes our lives meaningful. Instead of harboring fear and suspicion we need to think of other people not as ‘them’ but ‘us’. It is important to let people know that they have the source of contentment and happiness within themselves. Live Webcast: HHDL and Rev. Dada J.P. Vaswani, hosted by Aamir Khan from Pune, India on July 28th. Peace can only be achieved through non-violence. This is something we have to train and educate our children to put into effect. Video in support of Mandela Day (appearance by HHDL). Join in helping to perpetuate Nelson Mandela's legacy. A person who practices compassion and forgiveness has great inner strength, whereas aggression is usually a sign of weakness. Among human beings trust comes about, not from expressions of wealth or fame, but from our showing affection. When you concern yourself with others, you naturally develop a sense of self-confidence. To help others takes courage and inner strength. HHDL speaks about the best birthday gift he can receive in this short clip from his talk on July 6th. Live Webcast: HHDL’s 78th birthday celebrations from Sera Monastery in Bylakuppe, India on July 6th at 9am IST. Despite the superficial differences between us, we need to have a sense that all 7 billion human beings belong to one human family. What we do need to do is to find ways to incorporate advice about warm-heartedness into our education system. Moved by the tragedy of unprecedented flooding and landslides in Uttarakhand, India, HHDL expresses his sympathy. When we develop care and concern by thinking of others not as ‘them’ but ‘us’, there is no room for bullying, exploitation or deceit. Genuine peace is based on inner peace, because you cannot build peace on the basis of anger. Video of Leigh Sales of ABC’s 7.30 interviewing HHDL in Sydney, Australia, originally broadcast on June 13th. Our real guide is our own mind, our sense of reason. Live: There will be live webcasts of HHDL’s teachings and talks during his visit to Australia on June 14-23. We naturally have self-interest but it should be wise rather than foolish self-interest by taking others needs into account as well as ours. I feel that each of us has the potential to make some contribution and together, working with a clear aim, we can change our world. Human happiness depends on taking others into account. Live: HHDL’s four day teaching on “A Guide to the Bodhisattva’s Way of Life” from Dharamsala, India on June 1-4. If we make consistent effort, based on proper education, we can change the world. It is expressions of affection rather than money and power that attract real friends. We need to strengthen such inner values as contentment, patience and tolerance, as well as compassion for others. HHDL talks about the need for hope in our lives in a clip from his Tulane University Commencement address on May 18 Everybody wants a happy life and a peaceful mind, but we have to produce peace of mind through our own practice. Live: HHDL’s talks and dialogues from Madison, Wisconsin and New Orleans, Louisiana on May 15-18, 2013. Just as ripples spread out when a single pebble is dropped into water, the actions of individuals can have far-reaching effects. Live: HHDL from the Environmental Summit in Portland & the University of Oregon in Eugene, Oregon, USA, on May 9-11. Serving and helping others out of compassion is non-violence in action. Most of our problems are related to the mind, so we have to work to reduce our destructive emotions. If we can refrain from harming others in our everyday actions and words, we can start to give more serious attention to actively doing good. Placing all our hope on material development is clearly mistaken; the ultimate source of happiness is within us. Live: HHDL’s talk and discussions from St John’s College & University of Cambridge in Cambridge, UK, on April 19-20. Live: HHDL’s talk on “The Culture of Compassion” from Derry, UK, on April 18th starting at 1:00pm BST It’s unrealistic to think that the future of humanity can be achieved only on the basis of prayer, what we need is to take action. Live: There will be live webcasts of HHDL’s teachings and talks during his visit to Switzerland on April 13-16. Concern for others’ well being reduces fear and suspicion, prompting the openness and transparency that gives rise to trust and friendship. Anger, hatred and jealousy never solve problems, only affection, concern and respect can do that. Refraining from harm, not out of fear, but out of concern for others, their well-being and out of respect is non-violence. Whether we are happy or not depends on our attitude; compassion, for instance, leads to a calmer mind. His Holiness the Dalai Lama congratulates the new Pope Education is the way to achieve far-reaching results, it is the proper way to promote compassion and tolerance in society. Healthy, happy families and a healthy peaceful nation are dependent on warm-heartedness. The challenge today is to convince people of the value of truth, honesty, compassion and a concern for others. We need material development, but we need to understand that by itself it doesn’t bring peace of mind. Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts the mind at ease. To make this a century of dialogue we need to find ways to promote a greater awareness of the oneness of humanity. It is important to consider others at least as important as ourselves. This is the essence of spirituality. It is vital that when educating our children’s brains we do not neglect to educate their hearts by nurturing their compassionate nature. If you are honest, truthful, and transparent, people trust you. If  people trust you, you have no grounds for fear, suspicion or jealousy. We need not only a trained intelligence, but also a warm heart. Then a sense of community and a sense of responsibility will arise naturally Compassion, tolerance, forgiveness and a sense of self-discipline are qualities that help us lead our daily lives with a calm mind. Just as we encourage physical hygiene to preserve our health, we also need a sense of emotional or mental hygiene too. Live Webcasts: “Mind and Life XXVI - Mind, Brain and Matter” with HHDL from Drepung Monastery in India, January 17-22. We live in a world in which we are dependent on others; we cannot expect to fulfil our goals while disregarding others’ needs. We forget that despite the superficial differences between us, people are equal in their basic wish for peace and happiness. The real source of inner strength and self-confidence is warm-heartedness. Compassion brings peace of mind and with it better health; so cherish compassion. To utilize our intelligence correctly a calm mind is very important. Through education we have to lead people to see that concern for others is actually in their own interest. By implementing the practice of love and compassion, we will naturally live a non-violent way of life. Scientists are discovering that while anger and hatred eat into our immune system, warm-heartedness and compassion are good for our health. On a simple level we find that if we have a compassionate heart we naturally have more friends. I always try to share with others the idea that in order to become compassionate it is not necessary to become religious. Live Webcasts: HHDL’s teaching on "Essence of Refined Gold” from Dharamsala, India, on November 20-21. When you are warm-hearted, there is no room for anger, jealousy or insecurity. HHDL talks on today’s global reality of interdependence in this short clip from his talk in Tokyo, Japan on November 13 Past history clearly shows that violence cannot solve problems. Co-operation comes from friendship, friendship comes from trust, and trust comes from kind-heartedness. Video of HHDL's meeting with members of the press in Yokohama, Japan, on November 5th. A great Tibetan teacher of mind training once remarked that one of the mind’s most marvelous qualities is that it can be transformed. A mind wishing to benefit other people and other sentient beings is the very basis of peace and happiness. His Holiness the Dalai Lama's concern about events in Burma Ask yourself, what am I doing about my anger, my attachment, my pride, my jealousy? These are the things we should check in our daily lives. Peace in the world relies on individuals finding inner peace. One way to ensure everyone’s peace and happiness is to cultivate a healthy respect for the diversity of other peoples and cultures. We need to encourage an understanding that inner peace comes from relying on human values like, love, compassion, tolerance and honesty. Ann Curry of NBC News interviews HHDL during his recent visit to New York. Originally broadcast October 11th. Genuine happiness comes from focusing on the happiness of others. Live Webcast: "Contemplative Practice & Health" with HHDL from New York City starting at 9am to 3:30pm EDT October 20. HHDL talks about healthy mind and body in this short clip from his talk at The College of William & Mary, October 10. Success can’t be measured by how much money you have, but by whether you have inner peace in your heart. Live Webcasts: HHDL’s teachings & talks from Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Connecticut, USA, on October 16-19. Once you have a genuine sense of concern for others, there’s no room for cheating, bullying or exploitation. Live: Global conversation and Q&A with HHDL ‘Ethics for a Prosperous World’ Oct 23. Info at  #askDalaiLama Peace isn't the mere absence of violence; peace must come from inner peace. And inner peace comes from taking others’ interests into account HHDL shaking hands with Dave Matthews onstage at the One World Concert held in Syracuse, NY, USA, on October 9th. Warm-heartedness and concern for others are a part of human nature and are at the core of positive human values. Live Webcasts: HHDL's visit to the USA - talks and discussions from New York, Virginia and Vermont on October 8-13. A happy society must be created by people themselves, not through prayer alone, but by taking action. Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings on Atisha's "Lamp for the Path to Enlightenment" from Dharamsala, India on October 1-4 I like to point out that our nature is basically compassionate because we are social animals. What brings us together is love and affection. The very purpose of spirituality is self-discipline. Rather than criticizing others, we should evaluate and criticize ourselves. We need to understand how destructive emotions affect us and constructive emotions can help us, so that we can maintain our peace of mind. In order to lead a meaningful life, you need to cherish others, pay attention to human values and try to cultivate inner peace. Training the mind is the source of inner peace.” A real sense of concern for others breeds trust, which in turn leads to friendship and a sense of security. Compassion and peace of mind bring a sense of confidence that reduce stress and anxiety. When we are caught up in a destructive emotion, we lose one of our greatest assets: our independence. Improvement requires continuous effort. Many of our world's problems and conflicts arise because we have lost sight of the basic humanity that binds us together as a human family. Live: HHDL teaches on Shantideva's "A Guide to the Bodhisattva's Way of Life" from Dharamsala, India, September 4-6 We need to understand that material development by itself it doesn’t bring peace of mind. This can only be developed within the mind. Since universal compassion involves gradually expanding one’s circle of concern to the whole of humanity, it needs constant cultivation. The best way of fulfilling your own interest is to take care of others. I have found that the greatest degree of inner peace comes from cultivating love and compassion. We have to find ways to encourage non-violence, compassion and respect for others’ rights to achieve a better world in the future. When I wake in the morning I make a wish to be useful to others. We need an approach to ethics which makes no recourse to religion and can be equally acceptable to those with faith and those without. When we develop a sense of concern for others' well-being then the very basis of anger is no longer there. I have made a commitment to work until I die to raise awareness that the source of happiness, warm-heartedness, lies within us. Affection is important because it counters anger, hatred and suspicion that can prevent our minds from functioning clearly. HHDL speaks about the oneness of humanity in this clip from his talk in Inverness, Scotland, given on June 23, 2012. Who is there among us who does not prefer tolerance, respect and forgiveness of our failings to bigotry, disrespect, and resentment? Don't blame others for your uneasy feelings; blame your own state of mind. This is why altruism  brings you greater peace of mind. Whatever you do, take a realistic view and think of the long term interests of humanity. More important than being loved is to love. It is important for us to examine our motivation in our day to day life. We have the source of contentment and happiness within ourselves, and it is related to nurturing our natural inner values. Understanding the advantages and drawbacks of particular emotions and applying our intelligence, we can transform our minds. People in every part of the world are fed up with violence; increasingly people are looking for ways to create peace. A calm mind is good for our physical health, but it also enables us to see things more realistically. We need to relate to each other out of compassion, with a sense of connection to each other and a deep recognition of our common humanity. A good way to work for a more peaceful world is to develop concern for others. HHDL is greeted by well-wishers as he arrives for celebrations honoring his 77th birthday in Dharamsala on July 6 Live Webcast: HHDL's 77th Birthday Celebrations from the Main Tibetan Temple in Dharamsala, India on July 6th.. Anger destroys our peace of mind and our physical health. We shouldn’t welcome it or think of it as natural or as a friend. Kindness and a good heart are the underlying foundation for success in this life and making progress on the spiritual path. Altruism is not merely a religious ideal; it is an indispensable requirement for humanity at large. Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings and talk from Milan, Italy, on June 27-28. English, Italian & Russian languages. Through constant training we can enhance our positive attitudes and thoughts and reduce their opposing negative attitudes. HHDL greeting a young fan on his arrival in Inverness, Scotland, on June 23. A genuine change must first come from within the individual, only then can he or she attempt to make a significant contribution to humanity. HHDL with Britain's Prince Charles at Clarence House in London, England, on June 20th. His Holiness the Dalai Lama with Aung San Suu Kyi during their private meeting in London, England, on June 19th. If you conduct your life on the basis of truth and honesty, it gives you a sense of satisfaction and self-confidence. HHDL in a playful mood with comedian Russell Brand in during an event for young people in Manchester, UK, June 16. Today's children are hugely important, our hopes for the future lie in their hands and rest on their shoulders. Live Webcasts: HHDL's talks and teachings live from Manchester, England, June 16th-18th. I am increasingly convinced that the time has come to find a way of thinking about spirituality and ethics beyond religion altogether. When, from the depths of your heart, you spontaneously wish all beings to find true, lasting happiness, this is great love. To be extremely self-centred, only interested in your own satisfaction, always brings negative consequences in the long run. The sole source of peace in families, countries and the world is
altruism – love and compassion. HHDL talks about realistic compassion in a clip from his talk given at the University of Hawaii on April 15, 2012. Live Webcasts: HHDL's Introductory Buddhist Teachings from the Main Tibetan Temple in Dharamsala, India, on June 7-9. Warm-heartedness reinforces our self-confidence – giving us not a blind confidence, but a sense of confidence based on reason. Live Webcasts: HHDL introductory teachings on Buddhism for young Tibetans from TCV in Dharamsala, India, June 1-3. The many factors which divide us are actually much more superficial than those we share. HHDL attending Mass at St. Stephen's Cathedral in Vienna, Austria, on May 27th. HHDL speaking at the European Solidarity Rally for Tibet at the Vienna Heldenplatz in Vienna, Austria, on May 26. Cultivating inner discipline is something that takes time; expecting rapid results is simply a sign of impatience. The ultimate source of happiness is not money and power, but warm-heartedness. HHDL greeting well-wishers waiting outside the Salzburg Arena before his talk in Salzburg, Austria, on May 21st. Genuine friendship depends on genuine affection and taking a sense of responsibility for each other. HHDL will speak at the European Solidarity Rally for Tibet in Vienna, Austria, on May 26th. Human values like democracy, freedom of speech and freedom of the individual, these are changes whose momentum cannot be stopped. HHDL on CNN’s Piers Morgan Tonight originally broadcast on April 25, 2012. The quality of everything we do: our physical actions, our verbal actions, and even our mental actions, depends on our motivation. Dr. John M. Templeton Jr. presents the 2012 Templeton Prize to HHDL at St. Paul’s Cathedral in London on May 14th. Unlike the body, when it comes to training the mind, there is no limit to how far we can go. Live Webcast: 2012 Templeton Prize will be awarded to HHDL at St. Paul's Cathedral in London, UK, on May 14  #TempPrize Patience guards us against losing our presence of mind so we can remain undisturbed, even when the situation is really difficult. Actively promoting the positive inner qualities of the human heart will be appreciated by all. Once you realize that compassion is useful, that it is something really worthwhile, you immediately develop a willingness to cultivate it. Even our personal virtues, such as patience and our sense of ethics, are all developed in dependence upon others. Fear, hatred, and suspicion narrow your mind – compassion opens it. Whenever I meet someone I try to look for their positive qualities, which immediately gives me a feeling of connectedness with them. Just as we need good physical health  we also need strength of mind to 
ensure our well-being; and we develop it by cultivating ethics. As individuals and nations become increasingly interdependent, we have no choice but to develop a sense of universal responsibility. Live Webcasts with HHDL from the Mayo Clinic and 12th World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates on April 23-25, 2012. Video of HHDL’s interview for KPBS in San Diego, California, recorded on April 19th, 2012. Live Webcast: HHDL's talk "Peace of Mind in Troubled Times" from Long Beach, California, on April 21st at 1:30pm PDT.. If you become more concerned for the welfare of others, you will experience a sense of calm, inner strength and self-confidence. HHDL talks about the importance of inner values in this clip from his talk at the University of Hawaii on April 14th. HHDL jokes with members of the voyaging canoe Hōkūle‘a at Kualoa Regional Park on Oahu, Hawaii, on April 16, 2012. Having a more compassionate attitude helps you communicate more easily with your fellow human beings. Short video clip of HHDL being welcomed on his arrival in Hawaii on April 13th. If we are optimistic, take a longer view, and we employ realistic methods, we can contribute to making the world a better place. Live webcasts of HHDL's public talks and panel discussions from Hawaii and San Diego, USA, from April 14-19. Unbiased love is undoubtedly difficult to generate, but if you practice
with determination, day by day your attitude will be transformed. As you develop a more compassionate attitude, you feel less anxiety, while your determination and self-confidence increase. I am often asked whether I am optimistic for the future of humanity. My simple answer is yes. An inflated sense of self-importance deflects us from the inner peace and happiness we seek and affects those around us negatively. HHDL during his visit to Rewalsar Sahib, a Sikh shrine in Tso Pema (Rewalsar), HP, India on April 3rd, 2012. Compassion is a mental quality that can bring us true lasting inner peace and inner strength. HHDL wins the 2012 Templeton Prize, honored for encouraging scientific research and harmony among religions  #tempprize We often talk about moral values, justice and trust, but the important thing is to put them into effect in our everyday lives. Live Webcast: HHDL's public talk "Ethics - Educating the Mind and Heart" from Delhi University on March 22nd. Wealth may contribute to our happiness, but it's not the most important factor; by itself wealth fails to bring us deep inner satisfaction. On a personal level, we all appreciate people who are kind and warm-hearted. A sense of concern for others gives our lives meaning; it is the root of all human happiness. The whole emphasis of our spiritual practice should be aimed at creating positive and healthy thoughts and actions. Common sense shows you the value of warmheartedness. HHDL during the Jataka Tales teaching held at the Main Tibetan Temple in Dharamsala, India, on March 8th. The more adept we are in cultivating altruism, the happier we will be and the better the atmosphere we will create around us. Live Webcast: HHDL will teach on the Jataka Tales from the Main Tibetan Temple in Dharamsala, India, on March 8th. Compassion is a marvel of human nature, a precious inner resource, and the foundation of our well-being and the harmony of our societies. Generosity is the most natural outward expression of an inner attitude of compassion and loving-kindness. It is vital that when we educate our children’s brains we do not neglect to educate their hearts by nurturing their compassionate nature. The ultimate source of comfort and peace is within ourselves. If we seek happiness for ourselves, we should practice compassion: and if we seek happiness for others, we should also practice compassion. Traditional Tibetan New Year prayers with HHDL on the Main Tibetan Temple rooftop in Dharamsala, India, on Feb 22. We have to put effort into being honest, truthful and compassionate towards others. Nonviolence is not a sign of weakness, but rather one of self-confidence and courage. Altruism is the spirit out of which we choose to take action and give
help that brings others happiness. In order to use human intelligence properly our mind should be calm. Archbishop Desmond Tutu and his wife Leah Tutu with HHDL during their visit to Dharamsala, India, on February 10th Live Webcast: HHDL welcomes Archbishop Desmond Tutu to Dharamsala, India, on February 10 at 10:30-11:30am Indian Time We can benefit others through our actions by being warm and generous toward them, by being charitable, and by helping those in need. Compassion is the ultimate source of success in life. In today's deeply interdependent world, war is outdated and illogical. We need to teach about warmheartedness in a secular context. Cultivating inner awareness, introspection and reasoning can be more effective than meditation and prayer. It is because of my wish to be helpful that I share my ideas and experiences; being helpful to even one person is valuable. So long as we are under the control of disturbing emotions, real happiness is hard to find. The human capacity to care for others isn’t something trivial or something to be taken for granted. Rather it is something we should cherish We all appreciate in others the inner qualities of kindness, patience, tolerance, forgiveness and generosity. Compassion is a true source of happiness. Genuine friendship can only be based on trust and affection, which can only arise when there is a mutual sense of concern and respect. The key to human happiness lies within our own state of mind, and so too do the primary obstacles to that happiness. If the twentieth century was a century of violence, let us make the twenty-first a century of dialogue. My hope and wish is that one day, formal education will pay attention to what I call “education of the heart.” In our quest for happiness and the avoidance of suffering, I believe we are all fundamentally the same, and therefore equal. HHDL placing vases around the completed Kalachakra Sand Mandala in Bodh Gaya, India, on January 6, 2012. The essence of compassion is a desire to alleviate the suffering of others and to promote their well-being. HHDL talks about nonviolence at the Mahatma Gandhi International Award for Reconciliation & Peace ceremony on Jan 4. While revenge weakens society, forgiveness gives it strength. Our aim in seeking ways of transforming our thoughts and emotions is to find a more wholesome and fulfilling way of living. Live webcasts: HHDL's teachings during Kalachakra for World Peace 2012 from Bodh Gaya, India, on January 1-10. A calm mind is really helpful in sustaining a healthy body. To suppose that we can achieve peace through violence is altogether misguided. When we set about cultivating those basic inner values which we all appreciate in others, then we start to live spiritually. Wealth should serve humanity, not vice versa. We need awareness of the ways we are connected with others, reflecting on the characteristics we share with others. The best tribute to honor and remember Václav Havel is to work as best we can towards building a more peaceful, open and just world. Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings from Dharamsala, India, on December 19th and 20th (in English, Russian and Tibetan). To bring about a better world, let us all strive together with vision, with courage, and with optimism. If developing qualities like love, compassion, generosity and patience, is to be effective, we must put them into practice in our daily life In the early 1960s HHDL occasionally used to meet young Tibetan children at his old residence in Dharamsala, India The creation of a more peaceful and happier society has to begin from the level of the individual. With inner strength or mental stability, we can endure all kinds of adversity. HHDL meeting with his old friend former President of the Czech Republic Vaclav Havel in Prague on December 10th. Live webcasts: HHDL's public talk, discussion and press conference from Prague, Czech Republic, on December 11-12. I am a man of religion, but religion alone cannot answer all our problems. New book by HHDL - "Beyond Religion: Ethics for a Whole World" It is my hope that the twenty-first century will be a century when a more caring, responsible, and compassionate humanity will emerge. It is vital that when educating our children’s brains that we do not neglect to educate their hearts. HHDL's talk "The Power of Women" given in New Delhi, India, on December 2, 2011. The real source of happiness involves one’s state of mind, outlook, and motivation, and one’s level of warmheartedness towards others. Even as our world continues to develop materially, there is increasing need for similar progress in our sense of inner values. Other human beings have a right to peace and happiness that is equal to our own; therefore we have a responsibility to help those in need. Developing inner values is much like physical exercise. The more we train our abilities, the stronger they become. HHDL talks about dealing with anger in a short clip from his visit to Doon School in Dehradun, India, on Oct. 28, 2011 Compassion, along with love, is the face of altruism. It is vital that our younger generations, the guardians of our future, develop strong awareness concerning the futility of war. HHDL at the opening of the new hostel for disadvantaged children near Dharamsala, India, on November 19th, 2011. We must work together. Humanity needs more genuine cooperation. Even more important than the warmth and affection we receive, is the warmth and affection we give. HHDL talks about his commitment to promote inner peace based on warm heartedness in a clip from Chicago, July 18, 2011 We tend to forget that despite the superficial differences between us, people are equal in their basic wish for peace and happiness. Compassion is a feeling from deep in the heart that you cannot bear someone else's suffering without taking steps to relieve it. Appreciate how rare and full of potential your situation is in this world, then take joy in it, and use it to your best advantage. The purpose of spiritual practice is to effect a transformation in our attitudes; to make our minds more positive. The true hero is one who conquers his own anger and hatred. Video of HHDL's visit to Ishinomaki, Japan, on November 5th to meet and speak with survivors of last March's tsunami. HHDL comforts a young boy who lost his parents to the tsunami last March in Ishinomaki, Japan, on November 5th. We all like to be around kind people; their peaceful, relaxed nature puts us at ease. Even for people who have no spiritual beliefs, a peaceful mind is important. We should not only cease our negative activities, but also the motivation that gives rise to them. HHDL reciting prayers by torchlight in the dimly lit Hall of Lamps at Okunoin, in Koyasan, Japan on November 1. It is necessary to help others in our daily lives, merely praying for them isn't enough. HHDL is welcomed on his arrival in Osaka on October 29th, at the start of a ten day visit to Japan. HHDL talks about environmental awareness in a clip from the first session of Mind and Life XXIII on October 17, 2011. Mind training refers to transforming or purifying the mind. All the major world religions have techniques for transforming the mind. Compassion, along with love, is the face of altruism. Disturbing emotions not only disturb our own state of mind, they also disturb the minds of others. As our own peace of mind grows, so the atmosphere around us becomes more peaceful. Live Webcasts: HHDL's teaching on "Stages of the Path to Enlightenment" from Dharamsala, India, October 23-25. Compassion is the wish to offer unbiased service to all beings, whether they are friendly or hostile to you. The capacity to devote yourself to the welfare of others yields otherwise unobtainable power and potential for good. HHDL joins in prayers in Dharamsala on October 19 for those who died or were injured in recent protests in Tibet. As compassion grows stronger, so does your commitment to the welfare of all beings, even if you have to act alone. Each major religion has its own spirit and character. There is no one religion appropriate for every type of people.. Live: Conference with HHDL - "Ecology, Ethics and Interdependence" - from Dharamsala, India, on October 17-21. Affection, honesty, harmony and non-violence are qualities that yield happiness for individuals, families and society at large. Once your mind is calm and full of love, there is no room for hatred or fear. Others will trust you because of your open heart. Whether or not we follow any particular spiritual tradition, the benefits of love and kindness are obvious to anyone. HHDL sends his congratulations to the three 2011 Noble Peace Prize winners. Live Now: HHDL and Archbishop Tutu live from South Africa and India via Google+ Hangout video link. Inaugural Desmond Tutu Peace Lecture: HHDL with Archbishop Tutu by live video link in South Africa, October 8, 10:30am. HHDL sends video birthday greetings on the occasion of Archbishop Desmond Tutu's 80th birthday on October 7th. We can solve many problems in an appropriate way, without any difficulty, if we cultivate harmony, friendship and respect for one another. The more we feel concern for others and seek their well-being, the more friends we will have and the more welcome we will feel. His Holiness the Dalai Lama calls of visit to South Africa. Through thoughtful contemplation, coming to appreciate compassion and love, our mental attitudes can gradually change. Once they are properly developed, the mind's good qualities increase indefinitely. HHDL marks International Non-Violence Day during his teachings in Dharamsala, India, on October 2. Love gives rise to peace and happiness within us, which we then bring to the world in which we live. Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings on Nagarjuna's "In Praise of Dhammadhatu" from Dharamsala, India, on October 1-4. Actions driven solely by anger are of no use at all; realizing this can help strengthen your determination to resist it. His Holiness the Dalai Lama offers condolences to the family of fellow Nobel Laureate Wangari Maathai. The nature of our motivation determines the character of our work. His Holiness the Dalai Lama's statement on the issue of his reincarnation released on September 24, 2011. If the work is worthwhile, then whether we can complete it or not, it's worth making the attempt. That's why courage is important. My number one commitment is to promote inner peace based on warm heartedness. The mind is definitely something that can be transformed, and meditation is a means to transform it. In a letter to Sikkim's Chief Minister, HHDL expressed his concern for the devastation caused by the recent earthquake. Spiritual practice brings both long-term happiness and more inner strength day by day. Cultivating love advances the wish that living beings deprived of happiness meet with happiness and its causes. If you serve others as fully as you can, what you do will be a source of inner joy. My message is always the same: to cultivate and practice love, kindness, compassion and tolerance. A compassionate motivation is the foundation of spiritual practice, like a seed. Peace has much to do with warm-heartedness and respect for the lives of others. HHDL’s message “After Sept. 11, yearning for peaceful co-existence” We need to make an effort to develop our inner values, irrespective of whether we are religious or not. Generate great compassion, and you become a friend to the world. Wise people serve others, putting the needs of others above their own. The ultimate result will be that you find more happiness. Live: 2nd Global Conference on World's Religions After 9/11 with HHDL's opening remarks from Montreal, Sept 7, 2011. The practice of altruism is the authentic way of living a human life; it is not limited only to the religious. Happiness comes through taming the mind; without taming the mind there is no way to be happy. When you generate a reasoned desire for others to be happy, your humanity increases in strength. The more contact we have with one another and the more we come to understand each other’s values, the greater will be our mutual respect. Enemies teach us inner strength, courage and determination. Live webcasts: HHDL will teach on “A Guide to the Bodhisattva’s Way of Life” from Dharamsala, India, on Aug 30 - Sep 1 I feel that a sense of compassion is the most precious thing there is. The point of our existence is that, as human beings, we live purposeful, meaningful lives. Even a small experience of altruism brings a measure of mental peace right away. If you focus only on yourself and neglect others, you will lose; but you will gain if you value others as much as you cherish yourself. The practice of love can be expressed in one sentence: ‘Do not harm others’. We must work to resolve conflicts in a spirit of reconciliation and always keep others' interests in mind. Moral ethics are the basis of world peace. We need an inseparable combination of material and internal, or spiritual, progress. Love and compassion arising with a clear recognition of the importance and rights of others will reach even those who would do you harm. Traditional Tibetan greeting for HHDL by young well-wishers on his arrival at Mount Saléve, France on August 12th. Put this question to yourself: should I use everyone else to attain happiness, or should I help others gain happiness? You must not consider tolerance and patience to be signs of weakness. I consider them signs of strength. My own experience, and that of others, has shown me the degree to which positive mental attitudes bring happiness to oneself and others. Live webcasts of HHDL’s teaching and public talk from Toulouse, France, on August 13-15. A calm and peaceful mind is something very essential. The message of love and compassion will travel far and wide if all
who follow a spiritual path work together in harmony and mutual respect. if we try to secure the well-being of others, we will, at the same time, create the conditions for our own. The quality of altruism is fundamental, in my opinion, and will fill our daily lives with serenity and happiness. Whatever steps, however small, one can take towards learning to reduce the influence of the negative emotions can be very helpful. We need to consider how our actions, in affecting the environment, are likely to affect others. If we develop a good heart, real appreciation, love and compassion for others, our life will improve. Meet hostility and suspicion with kindness. Helping others out of love is always the best option. It seems wrong to think kindness is exclusively the business of religion; something to be neglected if one isn’t interested in spirituality. The world's major religious traditions all give the development of compassion a key role. If you use violence, you may get temporary satisfaction. But the nature of violence is unpredictable – it gives rise to unexpected results All good qualities must be sown and cultivated. We can’t expect to change overnight from an ordinary person into one with high realizations. To control negative physical and verbal actions, it is necessary to get at their root, the mind, and tame it. HHDL is interviewed in Washington DC by Ann Curry for NBC’s Today Show originally broadcast on July 18, 2011. If we find we cannot help others, the least we can do is to desist from harming them. His Holiness the Dalai Lama meets with President Barack Obama in the Map Room of the White House on July 16, 2011. We must generate courage equal to the size of the difficulties we face. HHDL presents Cardinal Theodore Edgar McCarrick with a "souvenir", a Buddha statue, in Washington DC on July 14th. The very purpose of spiritual practice is to help others. Live Webcast: HHDL interviewed by for "Bridging the Faith
Divide" in Chicago, July 18 at 9:30-11:30am Taking a realistic view and cultivating a proper motivation can also shield you against feelings of fear and anxiety. Whether we like it or not, we're all connected, and it is unthinkable to be happy all by oneself. Love, compassion and concern for others are real sources of happiness. HHDL talks about making the most of each new day in this clip from his 76th birthday celebrations on July 6 HHDL speaks to the press after meeting with congressional leaders on Capitol Hill in Washington DC on July 7th. HHDL addresses the audience during celebrations in honor of his 76th birthday held in Washington DC on July 6th. The practice of cultivating altruism has a beneficial effect not only from a religious point of view but also from a mundane point of view. We are all part of the human community. Live Webcast: HHDL’s 76th Birthday celebrations & short teaching from Washington DC, USA, 9:30am, July 6. Compassion is a deep desire to see others relieved of suffering; love is the other facet, a strong wish to see others happy. We all have the right to lead happy lives. Being motivated by compassion and love, respecting the rights of others – this is the real practice of religion. Anger cannot be overcome by anger. If a person shows anger to you, and you show anger in return, the result is a disaster. Live Webcast: HHDL's teaching on "Praise to Dependent Origination" from Dharamsala, India, June 28-29. Without a sense of equanimity, unbiased love and compassion cannot even get started. Today, when we face problems or disagreements, we have to arrive at solutions through dialogue. If we want spiritual development, the practice of patience is essential. When you have moistened your mind with love, you can begin to meditate on compassion. If you treat people as brothers or sisters, they respond accordingly. Without inner peace, without inner calm, it is difficult to find lasting peace. Everyone can understand from natural experience and common sense that affection is crucial from the day of birth; it is the basis of life. HHDL's "A Talk for World Peace" at the West Lawn of the US Capitol in Washington DC on July 9 at 9:30am, free admission Non violence is a sign of strength; violence is a sign of desperation and weakness. Taking care of our neighbors’ interests is essentially taking care of our own future. Wonderful spiritual qualities, such as unbounded love and compassion, are present as potentials in all our minds. An open heart is an open mind. Friends, genuine friends, have much more to do with whether we have a warm heart, not money or power. HHDL's teachings and talks live from Melbourne, Canberra, Brisbane & Perth, Australia, June 11-19, 2011 HHDL offers a young patient a ceremonial scarf during his visit to Christchurch Hospital. New Zealand, on June 8. We have the ability and the responsibility to choose whether our actions follow a virtuous path or not. Religion may have become synonymous with deep philosophical issues, but it is love and compassion that lie at the heart of religion. HHDL interview on Ideas in Action, originally broadcast on PBS in the USA on June 2, 2011. HHDL greeting the audience at Tibetan Childrens' Village School (TCV) in Upper Dharamsala, India, on June 4, 2011. By extending our ordinary feelings of love and concern beyond their usual biased limits, love is freed from the restrictions of attachment. We should value our enemies because they provide us with unique opportunities to practice patience, tolerance and forbearance. HHDL live from TCV, Dharamsala, India - introduction to Buddhism for young Tibetans, June 3-4, 9-11:30amIST When I speak about love and compassion, I don't do so as a Buddhist, or a Tibetan, or as the Dalai Lama, but as one human being to another. The most important thing is to have a sense of responsibility, commitment, and concern for each of our fellow human beings. The world's major religious traditions all give the development of compassion a key role. When we wish to help others and try to do so, our attitude is more positive and relationships become easier. To arrive at certainty, you need to start from a skeptical posture. The best scientists are impartial, not swayed by their own beliefs. Only through kindness and love can peace of mind be achieved. The quality of altruism is fundamental, in my opinion, and will fill our daily lives with serenity and happiness. HHDL greeting players before the Indian Premier League (IPL) cricket match in Dharamsala, India, on May 21, 2011. Kalachakra for World Peace  - HHDL will be in Washington DC, July 6-16 for empowerment, teachings & other events. The aim of spiritual practice is to become the friend of all beings, concerned about them and ready and able to help them. HHDL recalls his early childhood in this clip from his talk at the University of Minnesota on May 8, 2011. We need to think of each other as true brothers and sisters, concerned for each other’s welfare. Reliable and genuine discipline comes not from repression, but from an understanding of all the whys and wherefores of our actions. Love and compassion benefit both ourselves and others. Through kindness to others, your heart and mind will be peaceful and open. In situations that are difficult and challenging, patience helps maintain your will power and can sustain you. Rather than working only to acquire wealth, we need to focus on the welfare of humanity as a whole. Compassion is a sense of caring, a sense of concern for others' well-being. HHDL to lead Newark Peace Summit in Newark, NJ, (USA) May 13-14th 2011. 3 Day conference on power of non-violence. When our intentions are good, we are stronger and have greater self-confidence. Watch HHDL live from the University of Arkansas, USA, on May 11 at  9:30am and at 1:30pm CDT. HHDL holds his Doctor of Humane Letters honorary degree presented by Southern Methodist University on May 9, 2011 Watch HHDL's talk "Secular Ethics, Human Values and Society" given at USC in Los Angeles on May 3, 2011. A holistic view brings realistic action. Compassion and love constitute non-violence in action. Live: HHDL in Minnesota, USA. Press conference, Tibetan audience and dialogue May 7. Teaching and talk May 8. I think human nature is basically good: though we have jealousy and hatred, our dominant characteristics seem to be affection and kindness. The ultimate source of a happy life is the attention we pay to our inner values. Live: May 4th HHDL from California - Amnesty International Award at 10am & public talk at UC Irvine at 1:30pm To have true friends and be loved by them, we must in turn feel love and sympathy for others. Change in HHDL's schedule in California and will now arrive on May 2nd, we regret inconvenience to all concerned. Live: HHDL from Southern California, USA. Long Beach on May 1st at 2:30pm & UCLA on May 2nd at 10am and 1.30pm. HHDL joins in prayers for victims of last month's earthquake in Japan at Gokokuji Temple in Tokyo, on April 29th. Better grounded emotionally through patience, we become stronger mentally and spiritually, and tend to be healthier physically. Compassion and love are the source of all spiritual qualities: forgiveness, tolerance, all the virtues. HHDL joins in prayers in Dharamsala, India, on April 26th, for victims of the ongoing repression in Tibet. I am saddened by the passing away of Sri Sathya Sai Baba. I offer my condolences and prayers to all his followers, devotees and admirers. From the first day of our life until our last breath, the very foundation of our existence is affection and human warmth. Monks in traditional dress with HHDL during a long life ceremony held in Dharamsala, India, on April 22nd, 2011. Developing love and compassion and reducing anger and spite is a universal activity which requires no faith in any religion whatsoever. We must recognize the great capacity we all have within. When we develop patience, we find that we develop a reserve of calm and tranquility. When we are open to others and ready to show them our friendship and affection, this immediately creates a good environment. No matter what our situation, we all share the same aspiration for happiness. Appeal by His Holiness the Dalai Lama expressing concern on the situation at Kirti Monastery, Ngaba, northeastern Tibet Human nature is such that the individual is most happy and relaxed when he or she can share happiness and trust with others. Live webcast: HHDL's public talk  from Lund, Sweden, on April 16th, 1:45pm (GMT+2Hours). HHDL is greeted with a traditional Tibetan welcome on his arrival at his hotel in Dublin, Ireland, on April 12th. If we make a steady effort, I think we can overcome any form of negative conditioning and make positive changes in our lives. HHDL live from Ireland - April 13 Dublin 9:45am (GMT+1) & Kildare 1:45. April 14 University of Limerick 9:20am. Compassion and love give meaning to our activities and makes them constructive. Reflect on the value of inner versus outer wealth; in our world, there is a new awareness of our inner life and its worth. HHDL is greeted in traditional manner at the Maharaja Sansar Chand Museum inauguration in Kangra, India on April 6 When patience is combined with the ability to discriminate between the action and the one who does it, forgiveness arises naturally. As human beings, we are all the same, there is no need to build some kind of artificial barrier between us. HHDL enjoys a moment with one of the youngsters who performed before his address in New Delhi, India on April 2nd. It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. Even without a religious perspective, love and compassion are clearly of fundamental importance to us all. Alongside our natural ability to empathize with others, we also have a need for others’ kindness. Due to the fundamental interconnectedness that lies at the heart of reality, your interest is also my interest. The enhancement of fundamental values is indispensable to our basic quest for happiness. HHDL talks about unbiased compassion during a Q&A session with Thai Buddhists in Dharamsala on March 15th. Overcoming negative tendencies and enhancing positive potential are the very essence of the spiritual path. Every individual is responsible to help guide our global family in the right direction. Developing altruism is one of the most powerful methods for countering negative tendencies and destructive impulses. All ethical teachings, whether religious or nonreligious, aim to nurture compassion, to develop it and to perfect it. HHDL arriving at the Main Tibetan Temple in Dharamsala, India, to give teachings on the "Jataka Tales" on March 19 One of the best ways to begin familiarizing ourselves with the virtue of patience is to reflect systematically on its benefits. Live: HHDL teaches from the "Jataka Tales" (Life Stories of the Buddha) March 19th at 8:00am IndianStandardTime It is necessary to help others, not only in our prayers, but in our daily lives. Cultivating a close, warmhearted feeling for others is the ultimate source of success in life. As well as restraining ourselves from negative thoughts and emotions, we need to cultivate and reinforce our positive qualities. Live: HHDL teaches on "37 Practices of a Bodhisattva" & "Middling Stages" from Dharamsala, India on March 14-15 His Holiness the Dalai Lama Expresses His Sadness Over the Recent Earthquake and Tsunami in Japan Statement of His Holiness the Dalai Lama on the 52nd Anniversary of the Tibetan National Uprising Day Live from Dharamsala: 52nd Anniversary of the Tibetan National Uprising Day, March 10, 9am IndianStandardTime Altruism means that we should not be exclusively preoccupied with our own welfare. This does not imply that one should become a martyr! It seems essential to me that the major religions come to agree upon the importance of adopting a basic, universal, set of ethics. As we develop more love for others, we’ll have more confidence in ourselves; the more courage we have, the more relaxed and serene we’ll be. If our spirit is turned towards kindness, the positive side of things, loving our neighbors, this is the best way to solve our problems. His Holiness the Dalai Lama expresses his sadness over the recent earthquake in Christchurch, New Zeland. If we want to help humanity in a practical way, we must begin by setting an example of mutual respect, harmony and cooperation. Developing altruism is one of the most powerful methods for countering negative tendencies and destructive impulses. To promote the idea of nonviolence, we must above all encourage people to foster in themselves an attitude of love and affection for others. HHDL with Mumbai University students and staff after his talk "Ancient Wisdom, Modern Thought" on February 18th. Large human movements spring from individual human initiatives. We cannot be loving and compassionate unless at the same time we curb our own harmful impulses and desires. Our body needs peace of mind and is not suited to agitation. This shows that an appreciation for peace of mind is in our blood. Friends and enemies do not exist as such; friendship and enmity depend on many factors, of which the primary one is our own mental attitude. In general I think that anger is a sign of weakness and tolerance a sign of strength. One may practice religion or not, but so long as we seek happiness and continue to live in society, love and affection are indispensable I would like to say that the very root of respect for human rights and nonviolence is love and kindness to others While the mind is untamed it can only cause trouble. If anger, greed or arrogance spring up they will take over the situation. HHDL reaching out to shake hands with Indian Buddhists at Ganden Monastery in Mundgod, India, February 5th, 2011. In our daily life, tolerance and patience have great benefits: developing them will allow us to sustain and maintain our presence of mind. We can't be useful to ourselves unless we're useful to others. The whole purpose of engaging in the practice of patience is to become stronger in mind, stronger in heart. It is not enough simply to wish that love and compassion should increase in us, we need to make a sustained effort to cultivate them. The aim of spiritual and therefore ethical practice is to transform and perfect the individual’s motivation and mental disposition. Live Audio Webcast: HHDL's teaching from Drepung Monastery in South India, Feb 1-2, 9-11am IndianStandardTime HHDL watching students debate during their examinations at Rato Monastery in Mundgod, India, on January 31, 2011. Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts our mind at ease. The more we succeed in training our hearts and minds through cultivating spiritual qualities, the better our ability to cope with adversity. Live: HHDL's talk Finding Happiness in Troubled Times, Bangalore, India on Jan 30, 2:30-4pm IndianStandardTime When we are motivated by wisdom and compassion, the results of our actions benefit everyone. Genuine love should first be directed at oneself – if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others? We need a genuine sense of responsibility and a sincere concern for the welfare of others. Because our own human existence is so dependent on the help of others our need for love lies at the very foundation of our existence. An affectionate disposition not only makes the mind more peaceful and calm, but it affects our body in a positive way too. Transcript of the video conference with His Holiness the Dalai Lama and Chinese Activists held on January 4th, 2011. Mutual respect is the foundation of genuine harmony. By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm. With the realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world. Photo of HHDL waving to the audience before his teachings in Sarnath, India, on January 15th, 2011. If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace. Watch HHDL's talk to westerners attending the teachings in Sarnath, India, on January 13th, 2011. His Holiness the Dalai Lama offers his condolences to those affected by the floods in Brazil. If we develop a good heart, then whether the field is science, agriculture or politics, since motivation is important these will all improve His Holiness the Dalai Lama Expresses his Sadness Over the Recent Floods in Queensland, Australia. The purpose of our life needs to be positive. We weren’t born with the purpose of causing trouble, harming others. It is my fundamental conviction that compassion constitutes a basic aspect of our nature as well as being the foundation of our happiness. Live: HHDL teaches Shantideva’s Guide and Kamalashila’s Middle Stages from Sarnath, India, on Jan 12-16, 2011. We cannot overcome anger and hatred simply by suppressing them. We need to actively cultivate the antidotes: patience and tolerance. Happiness does not come about only due to external circumstances; it mainly derives from inner attitudes. Photo of HHDL taking part in his first video conference with 3 prominent Chinese intellectuals on January 4, 2011. Essay by HHDL "Countering Stress and Depression" originally published by Hindustan Times, India, on January 3rd, 2011. I feel that the moment you adopt a sense of caring for others, it brings you inner strength. To increase our altruism, we must motivate ourselves to take into consideration the effects of our actions both in the present and future. Determination and hope are key factors for a brighter future. Awareness of impermanence and appreciation of our human potential will give us a sense of urgency that we must use every precious moment. A skillful, balanced approach is helpful for one's physical and emotional health, and it applies to one's spiritual growth as well. As I see it, compassion is the essence of a spiritual life. Optimism in the Face of Adversity, a clip from HHDL's talk with students in Sikkim, India, on December 21, 2010. If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion. In order to create a happy century, a peaceful century we must promote the concept of dialogue. It is clear that feelings of love, affection, closeness and compassion bring happiness. I believe that our underlying or fundamental nature is gentleness, and intelligence is a later development. I think that cultivating positive mental states like kindness and compassion definitely leads to better psychological health and happiness. Achieving genuine happiness may require bringing about a transformation in your outlook and way of thinking. HHDL addresses the Science, Spirituality and Education conference in Sikkim, India on December 20th, 2010. Compassion creates a positive, friendly atmosphere. I believe a proper use of our time is to serve others if we can or at least refrain from harming them. That is the basis of my philosophy. Within all beings there is a seed of perfection; but compassion is required to activate that seed inherent in our hearts and minds. Not only do we inherently possess the potential for compassion but I believe that the basic, underlying nature of human beings is gentleness At one level, all major religious traditions have the same aim – to transform the individual into a positive being. HHDL clarifies his statements on retirement during a press meeting in Kalimpong, India, on December 14th, 2010. A spiritual practice is a constant battle within, replacing previous negative conditioning or habituation with new positive conditioning. I don’t think human affection and compassion are just religious concerns; they’re indispensable factors in our day-to-day lives. If we use favorable circumstances such as good health or wealth to help others, they can be contributory factors to achieving a happier life Remember that calmness and compassion are an important part of living a fruitful, positive human life. If you make your best effort to be kinder, nurture compassion, make the world a better place, then you can say 'At least I've done my best’. Even modern medical researchers have come to the conclusion that peace of mind is vital for good health. Once you encourage the thought of compassion in your mind, once it becomes active, then your attitude towards others changes automatically. Looking at the pattern of our existence from birth to death, we can see the way in which we are fundamentally nurtured by other's affection. I think that ethical behavior is another feature of the kind of inner discipline that leads to a happier existence. I look at people from a positive angle, seeking positive aspects. This immediately creates a feeling of affinity, a kind of connectedness. Looking at various means of developing compassion, I think empathy is an important factor: the ability to appreciate others' suffering. No matter what activity or practice we are pursuing, there isn't anything that isn't made easier through constant familiarity and training. We must insist on the observation that my right to happiness carries no more weight than others' similar right. The ultimate factor determining whether we have a healthy mind and a healthy body lies within. All the major religious traditions carry the message of love, compassion and forgiveness. Live Webcast: HHDL teaches on "37 Practices of a Bodhisattva" on November 30th, 9-1130am Indian Standard Time. Material development only brings us physical comfort; mental development depends on training the mind. Peace of mind is the basis of a healthy body and a healthy mind; so peace of mind, a calm mind, is very, very important. A sense of concern for others' well-being brings inner strength and self confidence. A calm mind helps our human intelligence to assess the situation realistically. We need to make an effort to develop our inner values, irrespective of whether we are religious or not. By developing a sense of concern for others' well-being, then no matter what others' attitudes are, you can keep inner peace. Short video clip of HHDL talking about the importance of compassion in New Delhi, India, on November 19th. Certain desires are positive: a desire for happiness; for peace; for a more harmonious and friendlier world. Watch HHDL speaking at the Mother Teresa Memorial Award Ceremony in New Delhi, India, on November 18th. The proper use of our intelligence and knowledge is to effect changes from within to develop a good heart. True compassion brings with it the dispelling of internal tensions, a state of calmness and serenity. We all must seek and work for a world without nuclear weapons. Watch HHDL's opening statement at the 11th World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates in Hiroshima, Japan,  Nov. 12th Every day, when you get up, you can develop a sincere positive motivation: I will utilize this day in a more positive way. Message from His Holiness the Dalai Lama on the release of Aung San Suu Kyi. I believe that whether a person follows any religion or not is unimportant, he or she must have a good heart, a warm heart. As human beings we have intelligence and courage. Provided we use these qualities, we will be able to achieve what we set out to do. The greater the level of calmness of our mind, the greater our peace of mind, the greater our ability to enjoy a happy and joyful life. If we have a good heart, a warm heart, warm feelings, we will be happy and satisfied ourselves. Photos of HHDL's visit to the ancient Buddhist capital of Nara, Japan, on November 8th, 2010. In human relations, compassion contributes to promoting peace and harmony. Photos of HHDL at the Peace Conference for Youth 2010 held in Osaka, Japan, on November 7th. Peace of mind, a calm state of mind, is rooted in affection and compassion. Video of HHDL addressing the 6th International Conference of Tibet Support Groups in Haryana, India on Nov. 5th. We need to make a concerted effort to develop compassion; we must use all the events in our daily life to transform out thoughts & behavior. If you use violence, you may get some temporary satisfaction. But the nature of violence is unpredictable - unexpected results often happen. Watch: Developing a Healthy Mind - clip from the dialogue with HHDL on November 2nd, 2010 from Dharamsala. Together with material development, we need spiritual development so that inner peace and social harmony can be experienced. I am convinced that everyone can develop a good heart and a sense of universal responsibility with or without religion. The efforts we make sincerely to transform ourselves spiritually are what make us genuine practitioners. Anger may bring extra energy, but it eclipses the best part of our brain: its rationality. The energy of anger is almost always unreliable. Irrespective of doctrinal and other differences, all major world religions are concerned with helping individuals become good human beings. Unlike physical progress, which is subject to natural restrictions, the qualities of the mind can be developed limitlessly. Watch: CNN's Hala Gorani interviews HHDL during his visit to Florida. Originally broadcast on October 28th, 2010 Living a truly ethical life, putting the needs of others first and providing for their happiness, has tremendous implications for society. True compassion is impartial and bears with it a feeling of responsibility for the welfare and happiness of others. A compassionate person creates a warm, relaxed atmosphere of welcome and understanding around him. Live Webcast: HHDL at University of Miami: The Quest for Happiness in Challenging Times - October 26, 1:30pm EDT Live Webcast: HHDL at Florida International University: The Significance of World Religions - October 26, 9:15am EDT Watch HHDL as guest editor of the Sunday edition of the Toronto Star newspaper published October 24th, 2010. All individuals are equal in that every one of us instinctively seeks happiness and avoids suffering. Live: HHDL in Toronto, Mind Training teaching & Long Life Empowerment/Ceremony October 24, 9am-4pm. Compassion belongs to every sphere of activity, including, of course, the workplace. By studying others’ viewpoints, it is possible for us to discover new and refreshing perspectives on the world – including our own life. An authentic attitude of compassion doesn't change, even faced with another person's negative behavior. Watch: HHDL meet with the press at Emory University on October 17th, 2010. Only the inner protection of patience can keep us from experiencing the turmoil of negative thoughts and emotions. According to my own experience, the highest level of inner calm comes from the development of love and compassion. When we ignore the question of the impact our actions have on others' well-being, inevitably we end up hurting them. HHDL visits Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, on October 17-19. Event and live webcast information at I try to treat every person I meet like an old friend, and that gives me a real sensation of happiness. We must cultivate a universal responsibility toward each other and extend it to the planet that we have to share. I believe that at all levels of society - family, national, and international - the key to a better, happier world is greater compassion. HHDL shakes hands with some students who joined in an interactive session in Palo Alto, California on Oct. 13th. Live webcast: HHDL at Stanford Univ Conference "Scientific Explorations of Compassion and Altruism" Oct 15, 9am-4pm PDT If we reserve ethical conduct for those whom we feel close to, we may neglect our responsibilities toward those outside this circle. Live webcast: HHDL at San Jose, California - the Rathbun Lecture, October 14 at 2-3:30pm PDT. Live webcast: HHDL at Stanford Univ. "The Centrality of Compassion in Human Life and Society" Oct 14 at 9:30-11am PDT Ultimately, the source of happiness and joyfulness is within ourselves. To my way of thinking, the diversity that exists among the various religious traditions is enormously enriching. The most important benefit of patience consists in the way it acts as a powerful antidote to the affliction of anger. Press Statement of His Holiness the Dalai Lama on Liu Xiaobo being awarded the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize. If you have a sincere and open heart, you naturally feel self-worth and confidence, and there is no need to be fearful of others. Developing a sense of universal responsibility helps us to become sensitive to all others, not just those closest to us. The quality or purity of any spiritual practice is determined by the individual’s intention and motivation. The important thing is that our day-to-day life should be meaningful, that our attitude should be positive, happy and warm. As we all share an identical need for love, it is possible to feel that anyone we meet, in whatever circumstances, is a brother or sister. Once our mind is more calm and joyful, then our activities can be more effective. Live Webcast from Dharamsala teachings by HHDL, Oct 4-7, 9:30-11:30am & 1:00-3:00pm IndianStandardTime GMT+5.30 Lack of contentment sows the seed of envy and aggressive competitiveness and leads to a culture of excessive materialism. When we disarm internally by countering negative emotions and cultivating positive qualities, we create conditions for external disarmament. Compassion is one of the principal things that make our lives meaningful. It is the source of all lasting happiness and joy. Watch HHDL speak about compassion during the Peace Summit held in Vancouver, Canada, on September 30th, 2009. From adversity we can learn the value of patience. When tragedy or misfortune comes our way, if we can shift our focus away from self and toward others, we experience a freeing effect. The more we are compassionate, the more we provide for our own happiness. From the archives: Watch Betty Nguyen of CNN interview HHDL in Florida on February 24th, 2010. Given human beings' love of truth, justice, peace, and freedom, creating a better, more compassionate world is a genuine possibility. When we reach beyond the confines of narrow self-interest, our hearts become filled with strength. Whatever we do for others, whatever sacrifices we make, it should be voluntary and arise from understanding the benefit of such actions. If we change inside and disarm ourselves by dealing constructively with negative thoughts and emotions, we can literally change the world. All human endeavor is potentially great and noble - so long as we carry out our work with good motivation. Mayor Gabor Demsky of Budapest confers Honorary Citizenship upon HHDL on September 18th, 2010. Perhaps the most significant obstruction to inter-religious harmony is a lack of appreciation of the value of others' faith traditions. Inner happiness is not determined by material circumstances or sensual gratification. It depends on our mind. It is worth remembering that the time of greatest gain in terms of wisdom and inner strength is often that of greatest difficulty. Compassion and love constitute non-violence in action. Cultivating contentment is crucial to maintaining peaceful coexistence. Images of HHDL's trip to Ladakh to visit flood damaged areas and join in prayers for the victims on September 13th. Through kindness, affection, honesty, truth and justice toward all others we ensure our own benefit – this is a matter of common sense. Having a good heart and benefiting others are proper attitudes for everyone, whether they are spiritual practitioners or not. I believe that our every act has a universal dimension. Watch: HHDL talks about the benefits of a calm mind during his teachings in Dharamsala, India, on September 8th. Compassion is the foundation of a good heart, the heart of one who acts out of a desire to help others. When in our interactions with our neighbors we are open and sincere in everything we say and think and do, people have no need to fear us. We each have a role to play: genuine, lasting world peace will only be possible as a result of each of us making an effort internally. Live:HHDL teaches Heart Sutra & 37 Practices, Sept 8-10, 9:30-11:30am & 1:00-3:00pm IndianStandardTime GMT+5.30 By being inattentive to the needs of others, inevitably we end up harming them. Through developing an attitude of responsibility toward others, we can begin to create the kinder, more compassionate world we all dream of. Ethical discipline is the indispensable means for mediating between the competing claims of my right to happiness and others' equal right. I am encouraged by the clear acknowledgment of the need to seek non-violent resolutions of conflict in a spirit of reconciliation. When we are committed to honesty, we help reduce the level of misunderstanding, doubt, and fear throughout society. In the modern world, the interests of a particular community can no longer be considered to lie within the confines of its own boundaries. To the extent that suffering awakens our empathy and causes us to connect with others, it can serve as the basis of compassion and love. Noticing a single shortcoming in ourselves is far more useful than seeing a thousand in someone else. When it is our own: we can correct it. It is worth saying over and over that ethical discipline entails more than just restraint. It also entails the cultivation of virtue. Live: HHDL teaches the Diamond Sutra August 28-29, 9:30-11:30am & 1:30-3:30pm IndianStandardTime(GMT+5.30) There must be a way of promoting human values without involving religion, based on common sense, experience and recent scientific findings. One of the most effective ways to overcome anxiety is to try to shift the focus of attention away from self and toward others. Above all, we should remember that as long as we retain the capacity of concern for others, the potential for transformation remains. Watch HDDL meeting with members of the press during his visit to Manali, India, on August 22nd. Unfortunate events, though potentially a source of anger and despair, have equal potential to be a source of spiritual growth. If we have no inner peace, we deceive ourselves into thinking that comfort and prosperity will bring happiness. Some photos of HHDL's visit to Jispa, a remote region of Himachal Pradesh, India, on August 18-20. You need self-confidence and determination: feeling depressed and losing hope will never really help to correct any situation. Genuine friends come only on the basis of warm-heartedness. Peace does not come through prayer, we human beings must create peace. We find that patience is the best means we have of defending ourselves internally from anger's destructive effects. Giving is recognized as a virtue in every major religion and in every civilized society, and it clearly benefits both giver and receiver. Watch: HHDL talks about making our lives meaningful during the dialogue at Delhi University on August 10, 2010. A concerted international effort is needed to think about measures to preserve our common and delicate ecology. His Holiness the Dalai Lama prays for the loss of life caused by floods in Pakistan, India, and landslides in Drugchu Watch HHDL on secular approach to compassion in a clip from the dialogue at Delhi University on August 10, 2010. It is worth reminding ourselves that the greatest joy and satisfaction in life come from actions we undertake out of concern for others. The most compassionate form of giving is done with no thought or expectation of reward, and grounded in genuine concern for others. The more we truly desire to benefit others, the more strength and confidence we develop and the deeper the peace and happiness we experience Anger, jealousy, impatience, and hatred are the real troublemakers, with them problems cannot be solved. Where love of one's neighbor, affection, kindness, and compassion live, we find that ethical conduct is automatic. Live: HHDL in dialogue with Delhi University students August 9-10 (9:30am & 1:30pm IndianStandardTime - GMT+5.30). Through love, kindness and compassion we establish understanding between ourselves and others; this is how we forge unity and harmony. Loving thoughts and actions are clearly beneficial for our physical and mental health. When we begin to develop a genuine appreciation of the value of compassion, our outlook on others begins automatically to change. Compassion and love are not a luxury. As the source both of inner and external peace, they are fundamental to the survival of our species. Human beings are social creatures, and a concern for each other is the very basis of our life together. What we find is that the more we develop concern for others' well-being, the easier it becomes to act in others' interests. The more we expand our focus to include others' interests alongside our own, the more securely we build the foundations of our own happiness The most compassionate form of giving is done with no thought or expectation of reward, and grounded in genuine concern for others. If you have strong compassion, strong respect for others, then forgiveness is much easier. We can’t overcome anger and hatred by simply suppressing them. We need to actively cultivate their antidotes - patience and tolerance. Universal concern is essential in solving global problems. Without an altruistic motivation, scientists cannot distinguish between beneficial technologies and the merely expedient. I sometimes say that religion is something we can perhaps do without. What we cannot do without are the basic spiritual qualities. I want to show that there are indeed some universal ethical principles which could help everyone to achieve the happiness we all aspire to. The real source of inner joy is to remain truthful and honest. We do not need to reflect too long before we realize that all beings spontaneously look for happiness and try to avoid suffering. Watch video of Time Magazine's interview "Ten Questions for the Dalai Lama" originally published in June 2010. We do not follow ethical conduct because it is right in itself but because all others desire to be happy and avoid suffering, just like us. A society in which material development co-exists with spiritual progress is one where true happiness is really possible. The huge gap between rich and poor, globally and within nations, is not only morally wrong; it is also a source of practical problems. Wherever I go, I always give the advice to be altruistic and kind to others. Despite philosophical differences, all major world religions have the same potential to create good human beings. Let us cultivate love and compassion, both of which give true meaning to life. HHDL talks about solving conflicts through dialogue at the University of Washington in Seattle on 14 April 2008. We need to try and solve problems in a spirit of brotherhood and sisterhood, in a spirit of reconciliation and compromise. If we continue to approach problems from the perspective of temporary expediency, future generations will face tremendous difficulties. Warm heartedness is the key factor for a happy family, happy community. A compassionate attitude opens our inner door, and as a result it is much easier to communicate with others. Real inner peace and inner satisfaction ultimately depends on our mental attitude. Watch HHDL interview by Barkha Dutt of NDTV at his residence in Dharamsala, originally broadcast on July 6th. Non-violence is a sign of strength, self-confidence and truth. Watch HHDL's 75th birthday celebrations from Dharamsala. Speeches (in Tibetan) as well as cultural performances. Some photos of HHDL attending ceremonies held in Dharamsala, India, to celebrate his 75th birthday on July 6th. Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts the mind at ease. As well as refraining from negative thoughts and emotions, we need to cultivate and reinforce our positive qualities. Watch HHDL's 75th birthday ceremonies live from Dharamsala on July 6th at 9am Indian Standard Time (GMT+5.30). In our daily life, mindfulness, holistic view and compassionate attitude are very useful, in order to keep peace of mind and better health. The practicing of loving kindness toward one's enemy is the ultimate test of one's own spiritual attainment. If we develop concern for other people's welfare, share other people's suffering, and help them, ultimately we will benefit. HHDL talks about our common humanity in a short clip from his talk to students in Yokohama, Japan, on June 24th. I think it is very important to know we can each transform ourselves into a better, happier person. I think it’s important to recognize this True compassion is not just an emotional response, but a firm commitment founded on reason. The only factor that can give protection from the destructive effects of anger and hatred is the practice of tolerance and patience. Ultimately, the reason why love and compassion bring the greatest happiness is simply that our nature cherishes them above all else. A universal approach to world problems is the only sound basis for peace. Practicing altruism is the real source of compromise and cooperation; merely recognizing our need for harmony is not enough. HHDL greeting students at Setagaya Gakkuen School in Yokohama, Japan, where he gave a talk on June 25th. A mind committed to compassion is like an overflowing reservoir - a constant source of energy, determination and kindness. Watch HHDL's talk given on June 24th to university students in Yokohama about his hope for the 21st century. Harmony among the major faiths has become an essential ingredient of peaceful coexistence in our world. 