Tesla service also rated best in world in owner survey Tesla Model S rated by as best car in world for 2nd year in a row Landing on a stormy sea Rocket soft landed in the ocean within 10m of target & nicely vertical! High probability of good droneship landing in non-stormy weather. Primary mission on target. Spacecraft head towards the sun! All good there. We could actually do that...maybe we should Planning a significant upgrade of the droneship for future missions to handle literally anything. Maybe give it a Merlin for good measure :) Can't delay any longer. Must proceed with primary mission to launch the Deep Space Climate Observatory spacecraft. Mega storm preventing droneship from remaining on station, so rocket will try to land on water. Survival probability <1%. Coming home Dragon splashdown off the California coast Launch postponed to tomorrow due to high winds at the Cape, but Dragon still inbound from orbit in 90 mins Extreme wind shear over Cape Canaveral. Feels like a sledgehammer when supersonic in the vertical. Hoping it changes … Live at 1:45pm ET: Watch live coverage of the departure of #Dragon from "What Are The Civilian Applications?" The universe sent us a smiley face from 7.5 billion light-years away :) Busy Tuesday: #Dragon loaded w/return cargo, set for Earth return & splashdown in Pacific tmrw just before 4:45pm PT. #DSCOVR launch now targeted for Tues. 2/10 @ 6:05pm ET; backup on Wed. 2/11 @ 6:03pm ET. Prob good though. Will give us time to replace 1st stage video transmitter (not needed for launch, but nice to have). Air Force tracking radar went down. Launch postponed to same time tomorrow. Rocket reentry will be much tougher this time around due to deep space mission. Almost 2X force and 4X heat. Plenty of hydraulic fluid tho. Launching our 1st deep space mission today. Headed to Earth-Sun L1 gravity null point at 1M miles, 4X further than moon. #Falcon9 is vertical in advance of tonight’s #DSCOVR launch, targeting 6:10pm EST. Watch LIVE: America’s next gen crewed spacecraft is almost ready for a test flight. Pad abort vehicle shipping to FL shortly. If you are curious about the P85D, you can schedule a test drive here: Painting the name on the droneship ... P85 acceleration will also improve, but not quite as much Video made by owner of a P85D going up a 14% grade on snow passing a whole bunch of stuck SUVs Tesla dual motor cars are also all-wheel drive. Main goal of dual motor was actually insane traction on snow. Insane speed was a side effect Tesla P85D 0 to 60mph acceleration will improve by ~0.1 sec soon via over-the-air software update to inverter algorithm Updated animation of Falcon Heavy flight and booster recovery. Check it out: Great DragTimes video of people experiencing P85D "Insane Mode" acceleration for the first time Final one: anything launched by a railgun (if you could ever reach ~ Mach 27) would explode upon exiting the barrel in our dense atmosphere Ion thrusters are great, but have extremely tiny force (photon thruster even less). Must have more thrust than weight or you don't go up. And pls don't ask me about space elevators  until someone at least builds a carbon nanotube structure longer than a footbridge Reason is Newton's Third Law. In vacuum, there is nothing to "push" against. You must react against ejected mass. If u saw and wonder why doesn't use an electric rocket to reach orbit, it is cuz that is impossible We're losing species faster than we can count. Join #RacingExtinction in the race to stop the next mass extinction.  ht… It's on! Utilities starting to play dirty vs solar.
But the sun will shine & people will rise. West Coast droneship under construction will be named "Of Course I Still Love You" Good primer on the exponential advancement of technology, particularly AI Good piece ... In honor of IMB, RIP. Repairs almost done on the spaceport drone ship and have given it the name "Just Read the Instructions" This guy beat Google’s super-smart AI — but it wasn’t easy The universe is really, really big @TheSimpsons Of course! Close, but no cigar. This time. Next rocket landing on drone ship in 2 to 3 weeks w way more hydraulic fluid. At least it shd explode for a diff reason. Full RUD (rapid unscheduled disassembly) event. Ship is fine minor repairs. Exciting day! Residual fuel and oxygen combine Rocket hits hard at ~45 deg angle, smashing legs and engine section Before impact, fins lose power and go hardover. Engines fights to restore, but … Tks. Turns out we recovered some impact video frames from drone ship. It's kinda begging to be released… >@SpaceX #Dragon open for business at #ISS. #Exp42 unloads and sets up new research... Contact Steve Davis at Hyperloop@spacex.com Also thinking of having an annual student Hyperloop pod racer competition, like Formula SAE Will be building a Hyperloop test track for companies and student teams to test out their pods. Most likely in Texas. Funding research on artificial intelligence safety. It's all fun & games until someone loses an I Yesterday's mission to the Space Station lights up the cloudy night sky of Cape Canaveral First question asked of AI; "Is there a god?" First AI answer; "There is now" World's top artificial intelligence developers sign open letter calling for AI safety research: Hydraulics are usually closed, but that adds mass vs short acting open systems. F9 fins only work for 4 mins. We were ~10% off. Am super proud of my crew for making huge strides towards reusability on this mission. You guys rock! Upcoming flight already has 50% more hydraulic fluid, so should have plenty of margin for landing attempt next month. Grid fins worked extremely well from hypersonic velocity to subsonic, but ran out of hydraulic fluid right before landing. Didn't get good landing/impact video. Pitch dark and foggy. Will piece it together from telemetry and ... actual pieces. Ship itself is fine. Some of the support equipment on the deck will need to be replaced... Rocket made it to drone spaceport ship, but landed hard. Close, but no cigar this time. Bodes well for the future tho. Ascent phase good. Dragon deployed to Space Station rendezvous orbit. Launching in one minute T-30 min to Falcon 9 and Dragon launch. Live launch webcast: At mission control in California. Launch in 60 mins. Looks good so far. Swimming on the moon F9 & Dragon now vertical on the launch pad. Liftoff @ 4:47am ET. Live launch webcast: Jon Stewart had a sober Daily Show message: #CharlieHebdo was on "Team Civilization." Ah yes, the “Bird 9”. Meet our rocket: Need to investigate the upper stage Z actuator. Was behaving strangely. Next launch attempt on Friday at 5am. F9 & Dragon are vertical in advance of tmrw's 6:20am ET launch. Live launch webcast: Taking questions now at Background on our attempt to land Falcon 9 rocket on a station-keeping drone ship in the Atlantic Drone spaceport ship heads to its hold position in the Atlantic to prepare for a rocket landing Ask me anything at 9pm Florida time (focused on tomorrow's 6am rocket launch) 2014 included:
6 Falcon 9 launches ✓
Crew Dragon unveiling ✓
Soft landing 1st stage ✓
Here's to a revolutionary 2015! Btw, we are actually working on a charger that automatically moves out from the wall & connects like a solid metal snake. For realz. Model S range curves in detail by version Roadster upgrade details Reading The Culture series by Banks. Compelling picture of a grand, semi-utopian galactic future. Hopefully not too optimistic about AI. Roadster upgrade will enable non-stop travel from LA to SF -- almost 400 mile range. Details tmrw. Merry Christmas! Nothing against all the oatmeal-raisin cookies out there. Just be yourself. Really should be a rule that oatmeal-raisin cookies can't look too much like choc chip. Doppelgänger cookie trickery! I'd recommend competing for the $10M Learning XPRIZE. Illiteracy is the wellspring of poverty. Tesla fast battery swap details Pack swap now operating in limited beta mode for SF to LA route. Can swap battery faster than visiting a gas station. Tesla blog out soon. Falcon/Dragon launch punted to early Jan. Need time to review all systems thoroughly again. Dune series by Herbert also brilliant. He advocates placing limits on machine intelligence. Reread Asimov's Foundation series. Brilliant. These are some of the coolest libraries in the world--PHOTOS: New Consumer Reports owners survey rates Model S the most loved car. 98% would buy again. Welcome back to run the communications team! That works for Dragon, but hard to do for something long like Falcon The flight grid fins look like the ones on this test we did, but larger: No choice. Entry velocity too high for a precision landing with N2 thrusters alone. Must have aero surfaces for pitch trim. Using legs as air brakes to drop terminal velocity in half requires slight redesign & more data. Maybe flight 21. Grid fins are stowed on ascent and then deploy on reentry for "x-wing" style control. Each fin moves independently for pitch/yaw/roll. Base is 300 ft by 100 ft, with wings that extend width to 170 ft. Will allow refuel & rocket flyback in future. Autonomous spaceport drone ship. Thrusters repurposed from deep sea oil rigs hold position within 3m even in a storm. Testing operation of hypersonic grid fins (x-wing config) going on next flight Cuteness overload MT “@WIRED: A baby baboon snuggled with a teddy bear About the Nevada deal with Tesla ... Really hate it when companies bring out an awesome show car and then you can never actually buy it. So lame. Rumors about canceling Falcon wing doors are false. At Tesla, the production car will always be better than the show car. DeepMind co-founder Shane Legg on unsafe AIs being given access to supercomputers in the 2020s (@elonmusk's fear?) Tesla comic book Advances in image-recognition software show identification of entire scenes, not just objects Hong Kong street view from a right hand drive Model S. The Model S scores Euro NCAP 5-star safety score, w/cool video unfettered certainly and at very low cost SpaceX is still in the early stages of developing advanced micro-satellites operating in large formations. Announcement in 2 to 3 months. Astronauts Play With Blobs of Water in Zero Gravity Review of performance version of dual motor Model S by Deepest sympathies to the families of the pilots and the Virgin Galactic team Sorry to hear about the launch. Hope they recover soon. Also, lease price improvement is due to US Bank deal. It is *not* a discount. Revenue to Tesla is unchanged. Article in re Tesla sales is incorrect. September was a record high WW and up 65% year-over-year in North America. Was going to work out this morning. Went to IHOP instead. [PHOTO] Splashdown! Dragon lands in the Pacific Ocean, carrying 3,276 lbs of cargo & science samples. Infrared video of Falcon rocket reentry captured by tracking cameras Michigan auto dealers trying to pass anti-consumer legislation Kinda trippy seeing myself on. I've watched the show ever since the J vs SC short. Brian Boitano! The Pentagon has warned the US military about the dangers of climate change Dual Motor Model S with Autopilot Just got word that the cumulative miles of the  worldwide Tesla fleet passed half a billion! Popular New Exercise App Just Tells Users They Ran 5 Miles A Day No Matter What I love the Internet. Comments had me literally ROFL. No, it wasn't intentional. Glad I didn't mention the other letter! About time to unveil the D and something else “@TheDailyShow: The House Science, Space and Technology Committee hearing on global warming. This is for my friends - #Dragon over #Hawthorne early this morning. Congratulations India! “@MarsOrbiter: What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit? #Dragon is now attached to the #ISS, its home for the next four weeks. [PHOTO] Liftoff!! Falcon 9 lifts off from LC-40 at Cape Canaveral carrying Dragon to resupply the space station. Good suggestion :) Falcon 9 & #Dragon vertical on the launch pad prior to CRS-4 launch, targeting 2:14am ET. Calendar app w tap to nav & traffic predictor in Tesla V6.0 release will radically improve how the car adapts to the owner over time New software update for Model S. Details on v6.0: Would also like to congratulate, fellow winner of the commercial crew program This is the Crew Dragon spacecraft design that we unveiled earlier this year: Deeply honored and appreciative of the trust that has placed in for the future of human spaceflight icymi: The red planet could go green: Scientists able to grow crops in fake Moon and Mars soil Official Gigafactory address to be: Electric Avenue, McCarran, Nevada sounds about right Meeting with in a building called … Just did crazy Japanese game show called 逆転の法則. I have no idea what happened, but it was awesome Excellent explanation of the diff betw getting to orbit vs space (suggested by) Handing over the first Tesla Model S cars in Japan Lego has triumphed over Barbie. It's now the world's biggest toy company. It was exactly what I was looking for Long exposure of AsiaSat 6 transiting to geo orbit over China Noodles in Shinjuku Launch in ~1.5 hours if weather clears. Lightning tower struck earlier, but no effect on rocket or satellite The graph that really matters @TeslaMotors Expansion to Madrid already underway. Map is being updated. All of Spain & Portugal by end of 2015. Model S limits torque if brake & accel simul pressed. Going to zero torque with brake press would be a safety hazard. @Tesla_Europe I agree. We are fixing this plan. Updated map coming soon. That has been my goal from the beginning. Need the Gigafactory for Model 3. The red areas on this map show where new high-temperature records have been set in 2014: Ad taken out in Palo Alto Daily by two Model S owners is right. Many of the suggestions will be implemented soon. Three engine F9R Dev1 vehicle auto-terminated during test flight. No injuries or near injuries. Rockets are tricky … Wikception Scary Smart Video Predicts Automation Will Make Human Work Obsolete Kids dump 5 ice buckets over my head for ALS & they nominate Notch, Johnny Depp and Tony Hawk! Yes. Technically Model 3 or maybe three horizontal bars. Won't be three vertical bars. @RyanSeacrest Am a bit under the weather, but will do it! Model S drivetrain warranty increased to infinite miles, applies retroactively ... Announcing our 50th Supercharger in Europe! We’ve opened Supercharger 50 in Narbonne, France. Forget Siri: Viv, a radical new AI, teaches itself and reads your mind Long exposure of the Falcon 9 predawn launch from Cape Canaveral High velocity reentry (2700 lbs/sqft) appeared to succeed, but, as expected, not enough propellant to land for this and the next mission. Falcon 9 flight 11 to geosynchronous transfer orbit completed on target this morning Love EFF “@arstechnica: EFF inaugurates “Stupid Patent of the Month”  by” Hope we're not just the biological boot loader for digital superintelligence. Unfortunately, that is increasingly probable While on the subject of AI risk, Our Final Invention by is also worth reading @itsDanielSuarez Yeah, Daemon is a great read @masseffect Mass Effect 2 is one of the best games ever. Also love Saints Row IV. Worth reading Superintelligence by Bostrom. We need to be super careful with AI. Potentially more dangerous than nukes. Guardians of the Galaxy is great. Best line is when Star-Lord says his spaceship looks like a Jackson Pollock painting under black light. On annual camping trip w kids. Trying a place just south of Carmel in California this year. La selfie del monito ... “@SpaceX: Soft water landing of Falcon 9 rocket booster.  update: Looks like body slam, maybe from a self-generated wave Detailed review of rocket telemetry needed to tell if due to initial splashdown or subsequent tip over and body slam Rocket booster reentry, landing burn & leg deploy were good, but lost hull integrity right after splashdown (aka kaboom) Flight 10 of Falcon 9 was good. All six ORBCOMM satellites deployed on target. @Tesla_Canada A lot of Canadian Superchargers are in work and will start going live in the next month or so Tesla Superchargers delivered over 1GWh last month. Long distance driving growing exponentially Tesla Model S named top model in perceived quality  via Test flight of Falcon 9-R with deployable grid fins for better hypersonic thru subsonic control Goal is for unsubsidized solar power to cost less than grid electricity from coal or fracked gas SolarCity to build the world's largest advanced solar panel factory in upstate New York Edmunds beats Tesla LA-NY record by several hours! “@edmunds: Made it! Our Model S made LA-NY run in 67 hrs and 21 mins" Happy #fathersday Apparently, lots of confused media inquiries about blog title. Look, we just to make sure they don't set us up the bomb. Regarding Tesla patents Faith restored in humanity. French toast > money Bloomberg interview #ChefMovie I do seriously need a haircut :) More Office Workers Switching To Fetal Position Desks Eugene—the supercomputer, not 13-year-old—first to beat the Turing Test   by Ok, but the sloths kinda had it coming "Humans Blamed for Extinction of Mammoths & Giant Sloths" 4 second summary of 2014 annual shareholder meeting  :) Recording of Dragon V2 unveil at Amazing repair job of Falcon 9 ocean landing vid by forum. Now shows leg deploy Model S in drag queen competition Prince Albert & Princess Charlene drove a Tesla around the track to open Monaco! The honor is much appreciated :) 399 EV`s in World Record breaking parade in Bryne, Norway today. 100+ Teslas! When we launch I want to know that SpaceX has done everything possible to keep the astronauts safe. Only a few more years to go. How about this guy Dragon V1.1 doesn't have a launch escape system. Probably comparable reliability to Shuttle, but we need to do better. Just the air in Dragon. Technically, if a few humans had stowed aboard Dragon on the last flight, they would've been ok. First, the cheese. Then, the mouse. The next Dragon mission to the Space Station will carry our first live mammals: 40 mousetronauts! Contracting official's new job raises questions Either way, this case certainly deserves close examination by the DoD Inspector General per's request Reason I believe this is likely is that Correll first tried to work at SpaceX, but we turned him down. Our competitor, it seems, did not. V likely AF official Correll was told by ULA/Rocketdyne that a rich VP job was his if he gave them a sole source contract Air Force official awards $10B+ contract uncompeted & then takes lucrative job w funds recipient Great progress by members repairing the Falcon 9 ocean landing video [PHOTO] Splashdown! Dragon lands in the Pacific Ocean with 3,500 pounds of ISS cargo. Dragon is set to return home early tmrw – watch it depart from station LIVE:  @ 6:00am PT. may all technology in the future follow the zeroth law... I would be happy to help Rogozin Calls for Ban on U.S. Military Use of RD-180 Worth seeing by. Make sure to plan for a meal afterwards! Trouble in Missouri. Auto dealers trying to sneak in a monopoly creation bill today ~40% Second flight of Falcon 9-R. 1000m, hover and land (with cows) SpaceX says rocket purchases violate Russian sanctions, gets injunction  by Cover drops on May 29. Actual flight design hardware of crew Dragon, not a mockup. Sounds like this might be a good time to unveil the new Dragon Mk 2 spaceship that has been working on w. No trampoline needed almost no problem yes Superchargers in Canada will go live in 6 to 8 weeks. Update on forums shortly. Letter from to DoD Inspector General questioning uncompeted space launch contract 100th Supercharger goes live FTC blog supports direct car sales as good for consumers Blog post: INCREDIBLE footage of the Dragon capsule in orbit over France, 25 minutes after launch! Flight computers continued transmitting for 8 seconds after reaching the water. Stopped when booster went horizontal. Data upload from tracking plane shows landing in Atlantic was good! Several boats enroute through heavy seas. Rocket boost stage reaching 0 m/s in one piece :) Will know soon. Odds not high. Last known state for rocket boost stage is 360 m/s, Mach 1.1, 8.5 km altitude and roll rate close to zero (v important!) Orbit insertion and Dragon deploy all good. Falcon reentry burn also good. Waiting for landing data from tracking plane. Falcon 9-Reusable with (now retired) Grasshopper test rig in background Hexacopter drone vid of 1st F9 rocket booster takeoff & landing w flight design legs Need to make sure precision return from hypersonic velocity works in ocean before transitioning to land Heavy seas in Atlantic preventing our recovery ship from being on station. Maybe they can help? This is 1st ever orbital rocket launch w landing legs. Will attempt leg deploy & soft landing out to sea. Launch to the Space Station in just under three hours if weather holds Honored that would entrust with the Apollo 11 (first moon landing) launch pad When life gives you lemons… Also, breakfast at Tesla is self-serve cereal (no distinction for execs) and the person mentioned isn't actually an employee Leasing a Model S takes 5 mins online, no signatures & one tap on car center screen to accept when delivered Tesla US business leasing program went live today @itsDanielSuarez Yeah, that's worth a read What could possibly go wrong? @MikeJudge That would definitely help @MikeJudge Yeah, that about sums it up Bloomberg article today also has oddly false details. I don't eat breakfast at Tesla and drink coffee, not juice. The show about Silicon Valley missed the mark in some ways, but I didn't hate it, as reporter claimed Some oddly inaccurate news stories of late ... Coming soon Once 5.9 is rolled out to the whole fleet and all looks good, we will roll out 6.0 to owners on our public beta program Some challenges w 5.9 rollout, as it contains software specially written for car owners in Norway & Belgium Review of Model S by much appreciated Announcing a revolutionary Tesla driving technology Snowed in at Mt. Rushmore Now having breakfast at ... Just stayed at the Rocket (yes!) Motel near Mt Rushmore. Sudden blizzard making road trip tricky 80% to 30% Consumer groups say manufacturers like Tesla "should be able to sell directly if they want and buyers would benefit" agreed Astronomers find the twisted fingerprints of cosmic inflation in the background glow of the Universe. Russian state TV threatens US with nuclear war, showing missile arc & mushroom cloud images Regarding Gov. Christie's action to impede direct sales of automobiles in New Jersey Working on a Model S environmental impact blog this weekend to counteract BS like the graphite story. Beyond ridiculous... Yes, I'm confident that Tesla will do something with them. Not true. The amount of graphite in our car is small, comes from Japan and is mined in a very clean way. Well, now that Satoshi Nakamoto has been discovered, I guess it is case closed ... :) Just discovered a great Tesla ad made by 2 recent college grads. I love it! If you're in NJ, please come support Tesla at the NJ Motor Vehicle Commission HQ Tues at 2p. 222 E State St., 8th Floor Ea… New Jersey auto dealers subverting democratic process to try to block Tesla sales Interesting “@om:Physicist proposes a new type of computing at SXSW. Check out orbital computing Arrived in #hawthorne completing 7740 mile round trip #coasttocoasttocoast in a #modelS60 in 9.5 days. For free. Yeah, I'm giving a talk for homeless kids at the Union Rescue Mission in LA Thanks, I really appreciate your support! About to testify before Senate against ULA (Lockheed and Boeing) monopoly contract for national security launches Model S receives highest customer satisfaction score of any car ever surveyed by Consumer Reports All four landing legs now mounted on Falcon 9 However, F9 will continue to land in the ocean until we prove precision control from hypersonic thru subsonic regimes Mounting landing legs (~60 ft span) to Falcon 9 for next month's Space Station servicing flight There's a rally against anti-Tesla bills #HB2524 and #SB6272 @ WA State Capital right now. What happens when a Model S get rear ended? #tank #amazing Welcome back Jade Rabbit! #Yutu Auto dealers trying to pass a law to enforce their monopoly in Ohio & prevent consumer choice... Tesla V6 software upload coming soon. Need to make sure it is "awesome" - Lord Business Saw The Lego Movie earlier today. Brilliant writing and humor! Loved the "Everything is awesome..." theme song. Value is holding up "Tesla car is worth more used than new | MNN - Tesla LA to NY Supercharger rally just completed in 76 hours across northern route in dead of winter thru heavy snow! Tesla cars are now in all 50 US states (map credit Edmunds)! Congratulations to John and Jill, first to drive across US using only free Superchargers! Two teams from Tesla aiming to set a cross-country EV speed record this week. Departing Fri from LA, arriving Sun in NY. Will be doing the LA-NY family road trip over Spring Break. Made everyone watch National Lampoon's Vacation as prep. Tesla Supercharger network now energized from New York to LA, both coast + Texas! Approx 80% of US population covered. Tesla policy is to charge the same price (+ taxes & shipping) everywhere in the world Revenue expected to exceed guidance by 20% in Q4 2013 thanks to Model S' stellar safety record & winter performance: A combination of hubris, treachery, and low prices will mark the end of your reign as Mattress King | Horoscopes: Rough cut of Falcon 9 Thaicom flight [PHOTO] LIFTOFF of SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket carrying the THAICOM 6 satellite to geosynchronous transfer orbit. Falcon 9 has successfully deployed THAICOM 6 into its target orbit Thanks Bill! Sure is a great start to 2014 :) Preparing to launch a Thaicom satellite to geostationary super-sync orbit at 5pm Florida time @TeslaMotors Ideally, the S should just hold position when it knows that's what you really want @TeslaMotorsClub Merry Christmas! NHTSA has reaffirmed the 5-star safety rating of Model S for 2014, confirming the highest safety rating in America! Yes, definitely needs a huge amount of battery capacity. ~1/3 of energy produced during day must be stored This is why I think solar power will be the primary long term solution true 220 ft tall mobile crane to carry the rocket around in the vertical Learn what it's like to own Model S in the winter and how it performs in the sub-zero temperatures of Norway: the Tesla showroom in Amsterdam is unbelievable! #ElectricCarsFTW SolarCity launches Give Power Foundation Santa came early this year for a little girl in Texas, thanks to #Tesla.   #… Sock monkey of destruction! Rest in peace, Nelson Mandela. A man both good and great. Should mention that the battery cells used for this are 200 Wh/kg vs 250 for Model S. No short term supply constraint. Solar power w batteries will be the primary (not exclusive) means of sustainable energy production View of Earth from upper stage rear view camera at 8,000 miles [PHOTO] Falcon 9 and SES-8 liftoff from SpaceX's launch pad at Cape Canaveral Restart was good, apogee raised to 80k km (50k miles). Yes!!! Reached parking orbit. Now coasting towards equator, where the upper stage will, if all goes well, restart to raise apogee Live video feed of launch at About an hour away from launch. I'd like to thank for taking a chance on. We've given it our all. cool :) I agree. Will be restored shortly. An Amazon drone just flew away with my dog. It was fixed this weekend, so he should try the test again. The writer of this article had a problem with his 12V battery, so main pack was constantly charging it. Doesn't sound right. If it is, we certainly need to fix it. Investigating... German govt reviews Tesla Model S fires. All due to high speed impacts, no injuries. Concludes: no defects, no recall All known rocket anomalies resolved. Will spend another day rechecking to be sure. Launch attempt tmrw eve w Wed as backup. The gas generator is a small rocket engine that powers the turbopump, which produces 7000 horsepower & weighs 160 lbs Engines are cycling cleanly w ground pneumatics. Replaced gas generator on engine 9 (center) as a precautionary measure. Abort was caused by oxygen in ground side TEA-TEB. Upper stage on separate internal circuit, so doesn't face same risk. Rocket engines are healthy, but cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. Aiming for Mon eve launch. Will do. Probably at least a few days. Depends on whether we need to pull the turbopumps. We called manual abort. Better to be paranoid and wrong. Bringing rocket down to borescope engines ... If launch aborts, we will bring the rocket down for engine inspection, so probably a few days before next attempt Increasing helium spin start pressure. Probably <50% chance of passing all aborts, but worth a try. Countdown resuming ... Launch aborted by autosequence due to slower than expected thrust ramp. Seems ok on closer inspection. Cycling countdown. Live stream of launch at 15 mins to liftoff @WIRED No, almost all fuel/ox is being reserved for SES satellite to give max chance of success Model S Owner drives 3121 miles solo from Canada to Mexico Good description of the launch by: Don't actually mean to knock Honda -- their cars are solid -- but the park outside (or yr house might burn down) advice was awesome Model S can seat 5 adults, two kids and has a front trunk for luggage. Might work for you. ...but only if you like your house "Honda recalls Fit for fire risk, says park it outside  " Falcon 9 launch window opens tmrw at 5:39pm EST. Watch LIVE at  Happy #Spacegiving! This is what happens when your car is not a #Tesla Model S.
  will never … Ford issues 4th and 5th recalls for 2013 Escapes spontaneously catching fire. Not in the mainstream media. ht… Saw pressure fluctuations on Falcon boost stage liquid oxygen tank. Want to be super careful, so pushing launch to Thurs. Falcon 9 targeted to launch SES-8 for tmrw. 1st SpaceX GEO transfer mission. At Disney World w kids for traditional prelaunch visit (first good flight was after riding Space Mountain) Launch can be viewed live from Cape causeways or via  webcast around 5:30 local time on Monday Easier to make the plane change to equatorial orbit. Done in order to reduce satellite side delta V from 1800 m/s to 1500 m/s. Will be toughest mission to date. Requires coast + upper stage restart + going to 80,000 km altitude (~1/4 way to moon). Headed to Cape Canaveral tomorrow for first geostationary satellite launch. Tesla Model S Consumer Reports customer satisfaction survey highest of any car on road at 99/100 Tesla is also extending the Model S warranty to cover any fire damage even if due solely to a driver accident What makes this incredibly unjust is that the Model S to date has the best safety record of any car on the road (no injuries or deaths ever) Why does a Tesla fire w no injury get more media headlines than 100,000 gas car fires that kill 100s of people per year? Mission of Tesla SuperDraco rocket engine fired at full thrust w a printed Inconel chamber. Used for Dragon escape & landing In other news, George Clooney reports that his iPhone 1 had a bug back in '07 Model S owner blogs about TN accident Thanks Woz! "@stevewoz: Here to pick up my new car! (at w/ 2 others)" Tesla West Coast Supercharger network now energized. Travel from Vancouver to Tijuana in styel! Giant dog topiary in Bilbao Rocket flight to 744m, hover & return to launch pad (close shot from hexacopter drone) About the Model S fire ... @SpaceX Yes, upper stage venting of liquid oxygen created a fast moving fuzzy white sphere in space over SA Between this flight & Grasshopper tests, I think we now have all the pieces of the puzzle to bring the rocket back home. Rocket booster relit twice (supersonic retro & landing), but spun up due to aero torque, so fuel centrifuged & we flamed out Launch was good. All satellites deployed at the targeted orbit insertion vectors. You can watch the launch at Looks good for a launch attempt today. Upper winds slightly exceed loads in high subsonic regime, but improving. Water ice on Mars We actually are outside some of the IPCC prediction ranges from 20 years ago Sensible piece on status of climate change by Falcon 9 launch window is Sunday and Monday, assuming good weather at Vandenberg Air Force Base Good progress harnessing that big fusion reactor in the sky Good Hyperloop feedback from Ansys. Am excited by how much it can be improved by open src contributions! Completed rocket static fire with all systems green this time. Launch window opens in 10 days Falcon 9 at sunset Am happy to hear that GM plans to develop an affordable 200 mile range electric car. Right target. Hope others do same. Approach is 360 deg flush mounted tiny cameras + radar (prob not lidar). Lot of software & hardware level image processing. Engineers interested in working on autonomous driving, pls email autopilot@teslamotors.com. Team will report directly to me. Intense effort underway at Tesla to develop a practical autopilot system for Model S Will do another static fire of rocket to make sure all is good & AF needs to test ICBMs, so probable launch Sept 29/30. Full thrust achieved on 2 sec static fire. Some anomalies to be investigated, so launch date tbd. Upcoming Falcon 9 demo has a lot of new technology, so the probability of failure is significant First of next gen Falcon 9 rockets rolls out to the launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base MT “@johnnyhotts: Correction: Japan's levitating train hit 361 MPH
 It will operate at 310” It is crazy that the proposed California high speed rail only goes 200 mph w avg speed of 130 mph when Japan is 300 mph+ Japan’s L-Zero maglev train hit 310 mph in a demonstration last week. And it's pretty awesome looking. Video review of Model S vs. Aston Martin Rapide S by SpaceX SuperDraco inconel rocket chamber w regen cooling jacket emerges from EOS 3D metal printer Designing a rocket part w hand gestures & then 3D printing it in a metal superalloy ... Was at Vandenberg today going over the upcoming next gen F9 rocket launch. Some tense days ahead Yup. We saw it in the movie and made it real. Good idea! Will post video next week of designing a rocket part with hand gestures & then immediately printing it in titanium And, uhh no (zillionth person who asked), I am not going to make an IM suit, however design by hand-manipulated hologram is actually useful. Reality is the best illusion We figured out how to design rocket parts just w hand movements through the air (seriously). Now need a high frame rate holograph generator. Model S achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested by US govt Same rocket flight, but this time with cows! Latest rocket test flight: hard lateral deviation, stabilize & hover, rapid descent back to pad Btw, this is not the very latest version. Will post an updated version with several late arriving corrections in a few hours. Hyperloop Alpha at  and Pulled all nighter working on Hyperloop (as did others). Hopefully not too many mistakes. Will publish link at 1:30 PDT. Hangout with & me tomorrow at 9am California time “@eirene_inc: “The universe is prob littered w/ the 1-planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic One of the first Tesla Supercharger stations in Europe is being built in Cinderella, Norway #KatieWoodencloak Model S' groundbreaking platform is displayed in the center of London for "The Future is Here" exhibit! Best saying ever “@temochdez: there is a saying in Mexico: "El miedo no anda en burro" meaning "Fear doesn't ride on a donkey"” It gets dark when the sun goes down. Valley networks suggest ancient snowfall on #Mars Oh yeah, well Tesla will study a plan to study the GM team that's studying Tesla, so there! your guess is the closest I've seen anyone guess so far. Pod diameter probably around 2m I really hate patents unless critical to company survival. Will publish Hyperloop as open source. Yes, it is a purely propulsive landing, but using the huge landing gear A frames as air brakes. Landing prop < 5% of vehicle mass Will publish Hyperloop alpha design by Aug 12. Critical feedback for improvements would be much appreciated. is helpful, as is reiterating that you're about *efficiency*. Most no-brainer compone… Just completed full mission duration firing of next gen Falcon 9 booster. V proud of the boost stage team for overcoming many tough issues. Dear Oil, I am breaking up with you...  ---Club @SpaceX New spacesuit almost done. Hoping to unveil by end of year. So true “@jlgolson: BitTorrent packet goes to a bar and asks for beer. Everyone in the bar who already has a beer gives him a sip.” UDP (yeah you know me) 3X TCP packet walks into a bar & says “I’d like a beer.” Barman replies “You’d like a beer?” “Yes,” replies TCP packet,“I’d like a beer.” 5D optical #memory in #glass could record the last evidence of civilization Latest vertical landing rocket vid. 325M altitude, hold against wind, land w T/W>1, radar in loop Woohoo, Tesla direct sales petition passed the 100k threshold! Thanks a lot to everyone that helped!! Have been reading about Henry Fielding, who had the most excellent pen name of Captain Hercules Vinegar One learns something new every day “@UberFacts: A “Buttload” is an actual measurement of volume - Equal to 126 gallons.” Thanks :) Taking action. Will be a 7 day grace period for $2500 ext warranty. Neg margin at that price, so must unfortunately raise. You should point out this campaign wasn't started by TM but by concerned citizens that want a fair deal & a futur… Please support the White House petition to allow direct sales of cars to consumers in all states Turning recirc off, windows closed and the right film on rear glass usually works. Am asking HVAC engineering to investigate. Tesla service can do coating or can be done by any auto glass coating company. My car is done on side & rear Turn off AC recirc, so that cool air flows out thru rear vents & get IR coating on rear glass. will do The NY auto dealers lost in court, so now they are funding a bill in NY legislature to block Tesla Tesla Pack Swap Event video is up: Tesla pack swap vid still being edited (multiple camera angles). In meantime, this article contains a vid Tomorrow night: fastest gas pump in LA vs Tesla battery pack swap Partial recall of Model S Battery pack swap works with all Tesla Model S cars, past and present. It was always there. Shai actually got the idea from a visit to Tesla. The idea is obvious (many things allow battery swap), but the technology is not. Video of battery pack swap will be posted to the Tesla website around 9:30pm, so those attending will see this first. Live pack swap demo on Thurs night at 8pm California time at our design studio in Hawthorne. Seeing is believing. Battery storage of solar power needed for night operation & to buffer grid during day. Beta projects are going well. A long way to go before most power generation is solar, but the second derivative bodes well 1st long duration firing of the new generation Falcon 9 rocket ~1.5 million pounds of vac thrust True We need more women in aerospace like Gwynne! Easier said than done. There is a lot of pressure from investors. It is hard not to feel super bad if u don't make ur qtr. Mars requires developing complex technology over a decade+, but market cares about next 3 months. Result would be conflicting priorities. I don't have a publicist No near term plans to IPO. Only possible in very long term when Mars Colonial Transporter is flying regularly. Forgot to say one thing at Tesla annual shareholders meeting: just as my money was the first in, it will be the last out. Love this image of Dragon docked to the Space Station as it orbits through dark side of Earth Vac thrust of 700 tons means avg of 14 tons/floor of structural steel for a 50 story building. 50% higher. ~1.3 M lbs sea level and ~1.5 M lbs vacuum thrust. Will be 60% higher with some tweaks. 1st firing of Falcon 9-R advanced prototype rocket. Over 1M lbs thrust, enough to lift skyscraper Huge expansion of Tesla Supercharger network underway. Will cover LA to NY by end of year Bloomberg TV features debate of vs some guy picking his nose V much agree. Moreover, there is risk of severe non-linearities in feedback loops causing sudden warming. I'm a physicist & 97% # seems right—v rare to find a scientist not convinced by evidence, & ~none think there … You Can Fit A Lot Of Kindergartners In A Tesla Model S - Houston Chronicle Am thinking of doing a movie "sequel" of sorts to Thank You for Smoking. That was bad CO2 for indiv, this for the planet Worth reading Merchants of Doubt. Same who tried to deny smoking deaths r denying climate change Yeah, climate change should really be considered a centrist issue, as it affects everyone. Am not suggesting shutting down CO2 production, but rather to price in environmental cost & shift to sustainable energy Even if the answer is only on the order of 1%, we should still take immediate action, as there is only one atmosphere. Right question to ask Dyson or others: what is probability that human actions could cause catastrophic climate change? What most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. That is not the point. Very few. Scientific consensus at time of Columbus was world was round Sorry for all the heavy stuff abt climate change, but I really thought world wd take action sooner. No time for subtlety @keithwarren Exactly In reality, 97% of scientists agree that we face serious human generated climate change Climate change deniers claim "scientists disagree", same rebuttal used by tobacco industry about lung cancer for decades Good article on "Climate Change" vs "Global Warming" referred by There's an Iron Man edition of Mr. Potato Head named "Tony Starch." Was beat up pretty badly as a kid & left me w jagged septum. Harder to breathe as I got older, so time to fix. Wrong! Science helps confirm #climatechange by, once again, pointing to #sealevelrise: Had a minor operation, so am in bed in meds. Probably shouldn't be tweeting :) Sign of a good design is that it feels and is much bigger on inside than looks on outside Awesome. We really need to promote that fact in the US. A CO2 tax will not cause economy to grind to a halt! Would love to do a pickup truck. Something w ultra low cg for sports car handling, dynamic air suspension & mega torque. Technically, I "got rich" from Zip2 & PayPal w zero govt anything, then put 100% of that into SpaceX, Tesla & SolarCity. If consumption is low, then the tax is proportionately low. We should prob not have tax on basic foods & critical meds. Carbon produced by a rocket flight is roughly equal to one 747 flight. No, we should not be exempt. Net of gas savings, a Tesla is $550 to $600/month with down payment taken care of by tax credits. Maybe less costly then it first seems. Yes, am arguing against subsidies and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. Market will then achieve best solution. Trees are net consumers of CO2, so technically we would pay them money :) Exactly. Seems crazy to risk the CO2 chemical experiment when we have to find another solution anyway. Big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases (ie consumption). Much better to emphasize the latter. The collective wisdom of the market is usually (not always) better than the smartest govt regulator. Me & other private money funded Tesla for first 7 years, got IPO+ govt money for 3, now paid back. Yes, carbon tax would be a better way. There should be a constitutional amendment to redo the tax code every ten years, just like we do a census. Weight of scientific evidence. Taxes don't ban a purchase, they just increase cost. Am against bans, except in extreme cases. Exactly. Better to tax known bad thing and incent desired outcome, instead of subsidizing particular solution paths. Let market decide. Perhaps. I am in favor of fair, simple taxes that are neutral on most things, incent good & disincent bad. Great article on Tesla-dealer battle by Leilani Munter (@CarbonFreeGirl), who lives in NC Belief in climate change isn't necessary. Even a small probability of a severe outcome justifies a carbon tax. Making rockets Don't like having a zillion tweets in the log. Makes it tough to wade through if someone wants to read my tweet history. We created electric cars to help solve the problem, not because we thought it was easy money. Still isn't. And, since we will run out of oil anyway, why risk the future of all life on Earth simply to delay sustainable energy? Those who would deny climate change should ask themselves what happens if they are wrong More importantly, failed to pay back $1.3B. Apart those 2 points, you were totally 1st As many have already noted, is a division of Fiat, an Italian company. We specifically said first *US* company. Interview with about Tesla and DOE loan gets into some of the details Tesla wired the funds to repay the DOE loan today. Only US car company to have fully repaid govt Physics I'm a big fan of ultracapacitors. Was going to do my PhD at Stanford on them. But we need a breakthrough in energy density... [WATCH] SpaceX’s 5.2m satellite fairing is tested in the world’s largest vacuum chamber: @SpaceX High pressure helium pneumatic bolts and pistons. No explosives. Cool, will get one plus another chicken You're welcome. It did seem like the chicken of destiny xx Petting zoo left a chicken behind at the park. Now we have a pet chicken. Soon Model S will feature druidic dwarves dancing around a miniature stone henge Well, you see, by making it go to 11, that makes it louder than loud :) Supercharger announcement pushed to next week. Something else this week. physics + a broad range of engineering. Worth taking humanities courses too, particularly history. Yes, usually several times more energy over the course of the year than is needed by the Model S we do Harder than that, but it is a software vs hardware change Sendup of Dan Brown disguised as praise of Dan Brown--written in the style of Dan Brown--is genius: Btw, vast majority of credit for SolarCity should go to Lyndon & Peter Rive & their awesome team. I'm just a small part. @RaimisJ Over the air upgrade coming in a few months to allow tethering (and other things). Improving service and honing manufacturing efficiency are the biggest short term challenges. Not sales constrained. It can do hands free right now. Being able to text people via voice while driving would be a good feature to add... Mostly water or coffee at home. When I'm out, will have Macallan neat or vodka with something. It can dig up almost anything. Yeah, we don't do a good job of telling people about this feature. Requires hardware unfortunately. @dpinsen Given the extreme burn, shorts are pushing every possible fear, uncertainty & doubt story Tesla software knits together Google Voice, Slacker, Gracenote & others and streams over 3G (will be LTE later) People tell me Cory Johnson is a shill for the shorts. Don't know if true, but he sure behaves that way. Would also recommend the Cheese Shop, Spam or Fish License by Monty Python. Hold down voice button & say "Play Amish Paradise by Weird Al Yankovic". Model S can play almost any song via Internet. Don't forget the mystery announcement. Part 5 of the trilogy. There is a way for the Tesla Model S to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank. Consumer Reports: The Tesla Model S earns our top test score. Road test and video: Totally agree. Tesla will circle back and do something cool for Roadsters next year. Stay tuned Just want to say thanks to customers & investors that took a chance on Tesla through the long, dark night. We wouldn't be here without you. Thanks Bill! Am a fan of Larry, Sergey & Google in general, but self-driving cars comments to Bloomberg were just off-the-cuff. No big announcement here Tesla priority is electrification of cars, so priority is Model S, Model X, then mass market third gen vehicle & truck exactly Creating an autopilot for cars at Tesla is an important, but not yet top priority. Still a few years from production. Tested it myself this weekend and was working well. Some songs have licensing prohibiting direct request. Anyone interested in doing ultra hardcore vehicle engineering at Tesla, please apply! Chris Porritt from Aston Martin just joined as head of vehicle engineering at Tesla Yup, it is super far. Moon is basically in our back yard relative to Mars. Definitely a lot of potential for geothermal, but depends on well depth. Too expensive in most places. Yeah, that probably makes sense. @teslamotors Most people have never heard of Nikola Tesla. That will hopefully change over time. @teslamotors yes, that has been the goal from the beginning It can definitely strain relationships, but I loved doing my first company with my brother Norway rocks! Earnings call next week, then Supercharger week after and then... the mystery announcement/demonstration :) you're welcome :) North Carolina General Assembly could prevent Tesla from selling cars. Take action:  #TeslaNC we need a compelling video that convinces TX lawmakers to pass the direct sales law just approved by their committee. Guaranteeing the world's best resale value in industry is unprecedented and backed up my other assets. Why isn't that good? Chris is great. Took a long time for me to find someone w truly hardcore engineering skills, who fully understood the system. Am getting lots of questions about the big Supercharger announcement. Aiming to do that the week after next. Yes, this does put an indirect floor on resale value. Should help all owners. Tesla raises Model S resale value guarantee to highest in auto industry Side boosters fall short & center core goes too far + Florida is heavily populated. Landing permission tricky :) We can't formally provide a guarantee w/o restating accounting, but I feel confident about the value anyway. Yeah, that is super tricky. Will have to sacrifice a lot of payload to boost back or land on ocean platform. Yes, your article (and many others) rightly identified that we made a mistake. New financing is not perfect, but much better. The legs are nested tight against the body of the rocket in flight, so rotate about 120 degrees to deploy More likely that pigs will fly over the frozen wastes of Hell. Clarkson doesn't understand technology. We did a ton of testing until they could handle 4X legally required impact energy. Extremely tough. High pressure helium. Needs to be ultra light. All 4 legs together (~60 ft span) weigh less than Model S. F9R (pronounced F-niner) shows a little leg. Design is a nested, telescoping piston w A frame. This is about getting a prior announcement right. Not part 4 yet. Time to up the ante (and fix some mistakes). Tesla announcement tomorrow. We're aiming for late 2015, but NASA needs to have overlapping capability to be safe. Would do the same Anne's role is launch site engineering. Don't think she has anything against media -- just not her role. @teslamotors Cool :) Just read it. Good piece. Maybe a v long time from now. Paying div is a sign that a company cannot find good ways to spend money. Our software is requesting the right song, but Slacker has a bug in their code. Supposed to be fixed by tomorrow. @sciam Interesting piece The Long and Arduous Quest to Find Flowing Water on Mars May Be Over (preview) Auto Dealer Sterling McCall makes the case for Tesla direct sales in Texas Congrats to and on supersonic test flight! First test of the Falcon 9-R (reusable) ignition system. Not long now before the hold down fire Creating the World’s Best Service and Warranty Program Am for good public transit in LA, but the pace of that construction makes the 405 look fast. This argument is a bit silly. A city will not grow to infinite size just because there isn't traffic. @TeslaMotors Cool, thanks for buying our car! Thanks, important clarification. Tesla announcements are always about making product experience better. Market follows eventually. Announcement of new strategy tomorrow. Tesla owners will like this. Cool. Just read and watched! Seems to be some stormy weather over in Shortville these days @ct_la Exactly. DMV Comm overruled good recommendation of Hearing Officer. @TeslaMotors Please contact DMV Commissioner and Governor. This is not good for the people of Virginia. Not all good news. Virginia DMV Commissioner just denied Tesla a dealer license, despite Hearing Officer being in favor. @juliewestfall we have great neighbors! Try this: Wringing water out of a towel in zero g is way trippy  via evolving yes Good idea! Grasshopper rocket flies up 250m, holds against wind and lands. Vid taken from our hexacopter Will post a video of the latest Grasshopper flight tomorrow (taken from the camera on our new hexacopter). Now with actual picture :) Cool picture of Io crossing Jupiter sent to me by. Would be amazing to visit in person one day. Congratulations to! “@CNETNews: Orbital's Antares rocket makes successful test flight @archforhumanity We have a lot of heavy lifting equipment. Will ask my team to send it over. Heart goes out to people of central Texas, home of SpaceX TX. All resources at disposal to help in any way. A petition to allow direct sales of cars by manufacturers:  Please vote here too! If you live in Texas and are pro Tesla, please vote in the opinion poll! Interesting... "Putin unveils $50B drive for Russian space supremacy  via Stay tuned for a big Supercharger announcement in a few weeks. Definitely have you covered. Thanks! Hearing from constituents is super important to counteract the influence of the dealer lobby. New York judge states: "... dealers cannot utilize the Franchised Dealer Act as a means to sue their competitors". Exactly! New York judge just ruled in favor Tesla, dismissing the legal attack by auto dealers to prevent direct sales! Yay for democracy! asks: Should Tesla Motors be able to sell directly to consumers? Yup, you're right Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in Austin. Will hang around after press conf to thank people in person. already partly here with rocket development, but will make it a lot bigger with the launch site Just had Texas BBQ for lunch in Capitol Building. About to head to House Committee hearing to advocate for Tesla in TX. In TX to make the case for allowing Tesla to sell cars. Pls come to Capitol Room E2.014 at 1:30! Which leads me to my next subject of gun control ... just kidding No more political comments for me now that I've shot off both my feet. When a person dies, the right thing to do is remember the good more than the bad. Not a day for hate (if there is ever such). At the risk of losing more "cool points", I like Reagan too! However, I also like Obama, Clinton & JFK. Good people on both sides... Am not trying to accumulate cool points. She was far from perfect, but her actions, on balance, were good. Her later years are debatable, but her early years are not imo. Britain went from dreary to Great again. Always admired Margaret Thatcher -- she was tough, but sensible & fair, much like my English Nana We went through literally hundreds of variants of red trying to find something original that didn't suck. Do all the intro courses for mech, EE, aero and physics, then specialize in the one you like most. New Tesla red going down assembly line for the first time. We spent a lot of time on this color! Sarah Palin calls Tesla a loser. Am deeply wounded.   Btw, Model S warranty does cover "bricking". Exactly Great explanation of the announcement by Hoping to open the Century City Tesla store this month. It is my neighborhood mall, so I'm there all the time. @gronnbilnorge We are working hard to make that happen! Introducing the world's best financing for the world's best car: Should be late 2014 for US and early 2015 for Europe. Startup Buys 100 Teslas, Aims to Replace Your Car via July! Am headed to TX next week to thank people personally for supporting Tesla. Please head to SB 1659 @ 8am tomorrow #TeslaTX Texas auto dealers want to stop Tesla from selling, delivering, & servicing cars. Senate hearing for SB 1659 is @ 8 ... Certainly true that many people believe that Tesla and SpaceX are powered by the #hhgttg Infinite Improbability Drive :) Today's Tesla announcement is actually the 2nd in a 5 part trilogy (love Douglas Adams) EXCLUSIVE: to race in.'s electric sedan will take on the good ol' boys in 2015:  ... You never know ... Thanks Michael. Beauty of over the air software updates is that the product keeps improving even after you buy it. Thanks Jeremy! Good seeing you in LA. Awesome job with Yelp! To be clear, Tesla is in California, so it is not April Fool's yet! Also, some may differ, but imo the Tues news is arguably more important. First profitable Q for Tesla thanks to awesome customers & hard work by a super dedicated team About to do chocolate egg hunt with all the kids. Candy bonanza! Happy Easter! Thanks Bob “@BobMetcalfe: Tesla Takes on TX Dealer's Association (MA too) - Repeal anti-competitive dealer laws - Sorry, correct link is: If you support Tesla in Texas, please contact your state Senate or House member. Free enterprise! Auto dealers in Texas are trying to stop Tesla. Would appreciate your help in fighting for what's right Rocket fairing almost ready for deployment test in vacuum chamber. Man lift on right for scale Can't make this stuff up: “@ErneX: hah and that's the name of a fire extinguisher I'm going to register A123 battery company renames itself B456 after bankruptcy (really). Chick Magnet. Recovery ship has secured Dragon. Powering down all secondary systems. Cargo looks A ok. Telemetry says main parachutes deployed ... now visually confirmed Recovery ship just heard the sonic booms from Dragon reentry and has data transmission lock. Dragon deorbit burn was good. All thrusters operating. On target for splashdown. Future will indeed be rooftop solar + battery pack, w utility company just providing backup power Slight change of date to ensure no end of quarter distractions -- will be Tues next week. Really exciting announcement coming on Thursday. Am going to put my money where my mouth is in v major way. There's crazy, there's batsh*t crazy, then there's North Korea crazy... It will be slightly smaller w fewer features as std. Think Audi A4 or BMW 3 vs Model S being S7 or M5 yep @jbmeicher sure :) .@jbmeicher Model S works great in cold. Highest sales/capita are in Norway and we have a ton of customers in Canada. But when considering savings of gas v electricity, true cost vs gas cars is more like $25k for a v sweet ride .@benmacy $30k in 2013 $ (ie + inflation) w 200+ mile range w some really cool tech that we can't talk about yet. .@joshj777 It has always been my dream to produce a low cost, compelling electric car. We are 3 to 4 years away. Wish it could be sooner. was this in a test drive car (those are all about to be upgraded) or a current customer car? Review of Tesla Model S by. Good article w minor errors addressed in reader comments When Shoemaker-Levy comet hit Jupiter in 94, it made an Earth size hole. We wd be super dead if it actually hit Earth Probably true imo “@bbcscitech: Dinosaur-killing rock 'was a comet' My talk at TED with Yeah, Plum Brook Space Power Facility Glenn Research Center. Help from the Glenn team much appreciated. Testing separation of F9 rocket fairing (can hold a city bus) in world's largest vacuum chamber Sharing a metaphysical milkshake with Cool, I'm glad you like it! Craig Venter talks about flu vaccines and the Tesla Model S. Gesundheit! Using Über to order a Tesla Model S with and The Johnny Cash hover slam! Will show Johnny Cash hover slam rocket video for the first time in about 15 mins. Test footage only 36 hrs old. #SXSW Nice. Tesla to pay off govt loans five years early. Check out Model S at Tesla Austin Gallery at The Domain opening today! I will stop by this eve and tomorrow morning. nice pic! Not yet. I look forward to giving that a try. Random trivia: my grandfather & great grandfather were both born in Minnesota. I was named after my GGF. Minnesota auto dealers tried to pass legislation to block Tesla stores. Bill was just defeated in Senate. Thanks MN! SpaceX is expanding launch ops at Canaveral too. Need 2 locations to handle flight rate and avoid weather risk Arrived Austin. Talking with TX House about creating an orbital launch complex near Brownsville, then #SXSW keynote tmrw Pretty much. Couldn't leave the country of Ibsen without doing something cultural! Saw a play about Stalin in Norwegian. Like watching mimes with emoticons doing Solzhenitsyn. Am in Oslo to thank the Norwegian customers of personally. Highest Model S orders per capita in the world. The Dragon capsule was berthed to the Harmony module of the International Space Station at 8:56 a.m. EST.  ... #Dragon attachment to #ISS is confirmed at 5:56AM PT! Updated #Dragon #ISS rendezvous times: NASA TV coverage begins Sunday at 3:30amET:  Grapple at  ... Just received #Dragon docking clearance from. Will begin orbital maneuvers to Space Station at 11pm Pacific time. Would also like to thank for allowing us to use their long range comm system for Dragon in free drift. Just want to say thanks to for being the world's coolest customer. Looking forward to delivering the goods! Orbit raising burn successful. Dragon back on track. Thruster pods one through four are now operating nominally. Preparing to raise orbit. All systems green. Pods 1 and 4 now online and thrusters engaged. Dragon transitioned from free drift to active control. Yes!! Attempting bring up of thruster pods 2 and 4 Solar array deployment successful Thruster pod 3 tank pressure trending positive. Preparing to deploy solar arrays. About to pass over Australia ground station and command inhibit override Holding on solar array deployment until at least two thruster pods are active Issue with Dragon thruster pods. System inhibiting three of four from initializing. About to command inhibit override. Falcon 9 delivered Dragon to its target orbit. All good on the rocket. you should let everyone know they can watch the launch live at: T minus 22 mins to launch mission 3 to dock with the Space Station Computer glitch found by avionics while bench testing on IM. Couldn't replicate on vehicle. Launch proceeding... Launch on track for tomorrow morning at 10:10 am Cape Canaveral time About to head home in our 2013 Model S. I won't plug in at home for the return trip. I'll take side trips ... @_chrissimmons Exactly. Then no need for clean energy subsidies, as externality is priced into mkt behavior A carbon tax would affect coal even more than gasoline, so electricity would also become more expensive One often hears that there is no point in a US carbon tax unless China acts. Well, they just did This is one very, very happy owner! My 2013 Tesla Model S Electric Sport Sedan: Delivery at Last!  ... Rocket static fire Cape Canaveral launch pad looks good. Engines generated 433 tons of thrust, parameters nominal. Best is winning competitions like Formula SAE, design/build/fly or other evidence of exceptional eng ability Cool! Btw, thought you might appreciate that 1st flight of Dragon spacecraft carried a large wheel of cheese :) Want to join us and cover the next launch on March 1? Now you can apply for a #NASASocial Media Credential  ... .@NYTjamescobb  As your own public editor pointed out, was far from a "consummate pro," and you fa ... Thanks! “@Lebeaucarnews: The Model S delivered what promised. A ride to make you re-think going electric.” Appreciate thoughtful article. Faith in restored. Interesting: public editor sides (mostly) with #Tesla. RT My thoughts on thorny problem:  ... #TeslaRoadTrip All - thanks so much for following our twitter feed.  The trip was a success and everyone has diverted ... The driving public is the winner thanks to the efforts of  ... Revolutions don't happen if you just roll over to the powers that be. Got to fight for what you believe. That's why Elon - 6 of us East Coasters are recreating the NY Times trip this weekend.... Have driven mine on 4 sub 30 deg 200 mile drives, once on the same day.  Love it ! Proof is in the car ! Genius move “@cdabel114: Well, to be fair, they did use the controversial gimmick of actually charging up the car” 's model S is the best car I have ever owned! We made it!!  1am, but here! S made it with + 96 miles to spare!  ... 126 miles to our hotel in Boston. Game over. With CNN retests the route! "Um... Not that hard. At Milford SuperCharger. Been leadfootin' last 20 miles ht ... CNN about halfway through East Coast Supercharger test drive of Model S w & Testing the Model S on a surface of pure ice and snow Just drove 800 miles with my Model S between NJ, NYC and Boston in 48 hours with absolutly no problems using ... My niece has one and has reported nothing like what appeared in the NYTimes. : Wondered about NYTimes article. My S & I have done 400+ mile 1day drives at full speed & w heat/AC w ... Btw, more free East Coast Superchargers coming soon. Will allow lower initial charge, v high speed trip & long detours, like NYTimes drive. Yeah, Top Gear pretended the Tesla Roadster ran out of charge and they had to push it home. Logs showed 50 miles range left. Thanks Tom! Support of real Tesla customers like yourself who drive the car every day is v much appreciated. Tesla data logging is only turned on with explicit written permission from customers, but after Top Gear BS, we always keep it on for media. Tesla blog coming soon detailing what actually happened on Broder's NYTimes "range test". Also lining up other journalists to do same drive. NYTimes article about Tesla range in cold is fake. Vehicle logs tell true story that he didn't actually charge to max & took a long detour. Busted “@TheOnion: Barack Obama: 'Look, I'm Just Going To Say It: I Collect Antique Nazi Memorabilia' Next Grasshopper rocket test is called the Johnny Cash Hover Slam (yeah baby!). Might be our first smoking crater... SpaceX software engineering is doing an AMA on Reddit Our Great^n Grandfather My latest project on the Tesla Model S and network of solar-powered Superchargers. No, they are not “@AutoblogGreen: Are electric vehicles really a 'dead end'? sure thinks so Wow, 180,000 American killed by other Americans since 9/11 vs only 33 by muslim terrorists Great spirit here in the Superdome. Awesome rally by the!! #SB47 I love indoor flamethrowers My thoughts on the nature of the issue with the battery pack supplied to Boeing Desire to help Boeing is real & am corresponding w 787 chief engineer. Junod's Esquire article had high fiction content. Maybe already under control, but Tesla & SpaceX are happy to help with the 787 lithium ion batteries. What it feels like to ride a rocket To be super clear, I don't wish to (nor could I) mandate anything about a Mars Colony. Am just working on the tech to get people there. Also, I am not the kale eating overlord of Mars (altho kale has its moments) Nice story about a Model S coast to coast road trip. By end of year, it will be Superchargers all the way! This gives a sense of what Mars would look like after changing the climate to sustain life Death Valley restored to position of world's hottest place CA's Death Valley is #1 again! Tesla hot weather testing was done there. Model S was fine but gas tow truck overheated. Tesla’s solar powered super chargers hit the east coast Interesting premise. I will read it. V cute! Merry Xmas. Cowboy riding the rocket no problemo Single camera view of the 40 meter rocket hover Then we took him for a ride: 40 meter hover flight vid of the SpaceX Grasshopper test rocket To provide a little perspective on the size of Grasshopper, we added a 6 ft cowboy to the rocket Very much agree with this great review of Chasing Ice on Ars Technica Thanks! “@ev: Have driven a Tesla Model S 50 miles now. It's clearly the iPhone of cars—by far the best car ever made." A beautiful and awe-inspiring view of Earth from the International Space Station Good piece on volcanoes “@DanRetz: The USGS would seem to disagree. Roughly equivalent to a 747 flight from LA to London (one way). That's why I'm a believer in solar power. We have a giant fusion reactor conveniently located in the sky. Exactly MT "@DanRetz IMHO: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea.” It is hard to argue with a thermometer. Global warming is real and accelerating. Wish it wasn't. Cool video recap of the big events of the year by Google #Zeitgeist2012 Relative to kerosene, methane is not prone to coking, but we would run v high purity anyway for max Isp. @TEA_in_Space Yup or Douglas Aircraft, creator of the awesome DC-3 My big worry would be long (hopefully) term when I'm dead, eg v sad situation with once great HP SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public "@bm_ will SpaceX go public?" Best to study some form of engineering, which is the art of creating useful things that didn't exist before. Tesla articles 30 mins apart: "This Stock is Screaming Buy"  and "This Stock Could Get DESTROYED" YES! “@RYOTnews: BREAKING: to launch anti-cholera initiative aimed at #Haiti  #cholera ... Tesla was just approved for a full Class 1 Massachusetts Auto Sales License by a vote of 4 to 1. Much appreciated! Told my kids (age 8 and 6) that we were going to see the Nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the Buttcracker. Congrats to for being the first to drive a Tesla Model S over 400 miles on a single charge! Interesting possible answer to the Fermi Paradox New government study says we could save billions by replacing dollar bills with coins. New study is wrong: Am happy to report that Tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. Continued improvement expected through year end. Uranium ore now available on Amazon! So much more convenient than Uzbekistan #AwesomeXmasGifts Thanks Shervin! Mexico is changing in ways that will profoundly affect America Can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now But if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to Mars. And, yes, I do in fact know that this sounds crazy. That is not lost on me. Nor I do think SpaceX will do this alone. Millions of people needed for Mars colony, so 80k+ would just be the number moving to Mars per year Short vid of the recent mission to the Intl Space Station SS Heart of Gold powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive! My talk for the Royal Aeronautical Society is now online. This gets a little more technical. Liam Neeson's "Life's Too Short" sketch is super funny if anyone has issues accessing the video, I've mirrored it on YouTube here: On the plus side...“@newscientist: #Climate change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes Gave a talk on energy and transport at Oxford Univ Exactly! Love this picture of the Curiousity rover on Mars. Landscape looks just like the California desert. HELLO….  “@wired: BREAKING: Is it possible that NASA's Curiosity rover found organic molecules on Mars?  ... Btw, I don't think Apple is doomed. Just won't unseat Google from 1st place with Larry P in charge. Mass. judge denies auto dealers' demand to kill our little Tesla store. Yay, justice prevails! Amos's article was fair, but his editor chose a more sensational headline & used quotes even though I didn't actually say that. These articles in Space News describe why Ariane 6 vs 5:  and Was misquoted by BBC as saying "Europe's rocket has no chance". Just said the [Franco-German] Ariane 5 has no chance, so go with Ariane 6. Just returned from a trip to London and Oxford, where I met with many interesting people. I really like Britain! My Model S just arrived and I went electric like Dylan! #FF Original article on Model S from: Sounds like Consumer Reports had a good experience with the Tesla Model S prepares for Late Night With Jimmy Falon. By holding an astronaut monkey. Cool story about a installation after hurricane Sandy. Good going, guys! Shock Therapy: Is America Ready for an Electric Car of the Year?: “I’ve seen your ‘Car of the Year’ announcement...  ... Alexander Hamilton was awesome View of Grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. Note SUV and person nearby for sense of size. Good skit by Henri, Le Chat Noir. Camus in cat form! Engine gimbals for pitch and yaw, gas thrusters for roll. First flight of 10 story tall Grasshopper rocket using closed loop thrust vector & throttle control And the #AMAoY winner is...the #ModelS. Tesla Model S: The 2013 Yahoo! Autos Car of the Year Early this morning, engineers welcomed #Dragon into the Port of LA Reply to: Our avg speed was ummm a little too high. Got a ticket at 92 mph on I-5. We need the Autobahn in CA! V proud of Tesla team for completing 1000th Model S body. More cars made this month than entire rest of year Reply to: Yes, Model S seats 5 adults + 2 kids with room for luggage in the front trunk. My kids love the rear facing seats best. Pic of the Model S getting supercharged with the lovely Doing LA to SF road trip in Model S with all 5 kids & Talulah. Supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers! Just wrote a blog piece about Tesla stores Tesla Supercharger network opens today. Charge for free in Model S on your next road trip btwn SF and LA, Tahoe & V ... Long exposure shot of Dragon and the Space Station arcing across the night sky over Texas Astronauts take their first look inside #Dragon. Now where’s that ice cream? At 9:03A ET, #Dragon was secured to the space station, its home for the next 2.5 weeks. We drag-raced the #ModelS and #M5 last week. This is what happened: Falcon 9 rocket booster has delivered Dragon to its target orbit! Time lapse video of rocket roll out  Now 3 hours 45 mins to lift off... An update about Tesla Sorry, meant to say EDT. Launching our Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station on Sunday at 8:35pm EST! Review of the Model S by View from landing leg camera on Falcon rocket test rig (aka Grasshopper Project) Now test firing our most advanced engine, the Merlin 1D-Vac, at 80 tons of thrust. The Tesla Supercharger will over time allow you to travel anywhere on pure sunlight for free Model S review by. Totally agree with criticisms. Corrections coming soon. What a great car!  Coast to coast was a piece of cake in the Model S!  Thanks for making such a great car. #x ... First test flight hop of our Grasshopper VTVL rocket! The first owner to drive coast to coast in a Model S is about to complete the journey! Tesla made 100 vehicle bodies this week for the first time. Really proud of the team! Pic of S/N 396: Tesla Supercharger unveiling event set for Sept 24. It will feel like alien spaceships landed at highway rest stops. Amazing series of space pics assembled by First Drive: 2012 Tesla Model S [w/video] Tesla Model S driven 285 miles from Vegas to the beach in LA on a single charge by This piece about Mars in the NYT is worth a read Extending life to Mars would ensure humanity's survival and be the greatest, most exciting adventure ever! Back of the envelope calc: Merlin wd accelerate Model S at 25 g's, so wd break sound barrier in <1.5 sec 