John Legend's a cappella close to "Glory" during Oscars was one of most powerful live music performances I've seen. James Hahn provides master class on humility & thoughtfulness following his win at Riviera 40-yd dash runs of Kaepernick, Russell Wilson & Marcus Mariota. If this holds on field, Marcus will be fun to watch Finally had a chance to eat at State Bird Provisions last night. Food was amazing. Clear why it ranks among so many people's favorites in SF "Enjoyment appears at the boundary between boredom & anxiety, when challenges balance w/ the person's capacity to act" -M. … No matter how many times I've experienced it, it's hard to fully appreciate just how powerful necessity is in driving breakthrough thinking LinkedIn Expands Marketing Platform With Off-Site Ads and New Lead Marketing Tools Congrats to on launch of NewCo and intro of the business festival -- NewCo Announces Seed Financing LinkedIn launches in Arabic -- Say 'Marhaba' to LinkedIn in Arabic Good interview on the difference between leading through motivation vs. leading through fear Excited to welcome to LinkedIn as our New Economy Editor -- Why I Made the Jump to LinkedIn Can anyone recall a company as large and well established as Microsoft making so many quality changes in such a short period of time? Some mock drafts projecting Melvin Gordon to Cowboys if they don't re-sign Murray. Hard to believe player that good could go to a 12-4 team For first time in decades, NYC is rapidly growing jobs without dependence on Wall Street Shared ethos of Jobs & Ive: Gratitude someone else thought the design through in a way that makes your life easier Using Apple TV much more lately: Intuitive interface, comprehensive releases, chart great for discovery. What happens when they get serious? Thoughtful, cautionary tale on perils of seeking attention, social media, and public shaming First time in a Tesla, the interior design & software felt like driving an iPhone. Might be a reality one day Great interview of President by on cyber-security, privacy & Silicon Valley Oprah at Stanford talking about secret of her success: "People could see themselves in me" LinkedIn Volunteer Marketplace - What Charities Need to Know via Cheesy listicle title aside, some great advice here -- 10 Ways to Become Incredibly Charismatic Changing the Game for Young Women in STEM Strong month for job creation. Labor force participation and wages moving in right direction Good crisis management advice: Keep apology real, keep it simple and don't sound scripted As details emerge on key Super Bowl play call, more evident it becomes how little can separate success from failure Congrats! Great fit. -- DJ Patil Has Joined the White House to Wrangle Data Issues This is awesome on multiple levels -- The Seahawks Lost Trying to be Right Shark When They're Actually Left Shark A worthy game for the most-viewed Super Bowl (and television program) in U.S. history At Universities, a Push for Data-Driven Career Services via Pete Carroll's phone Game was so good, almost forgot commercials. Winners: McDonalds, Loctite glue. Loser: Nationwide (commercial with kid offset win with Mindy) Insane play calling aside, that game not only lived up to hype, it exceeded it. One of most exciting Super Bowls in history. Extraordinary. Easy to second guess Carroll but also made crazy call to pass with six secs left in 1st half. One worked, the other didn't. Haven't been this fired up about a Super Bowl matchup in a long time. Hope it lives up to the hype. Seahawks biggest advantage may be mindset: Carroll's focus on cultivating optimism, mindfulness & gratitude via Benchmark partner and Uber investor on the company's big hairy audacious goal -- Uber's new BHAG: UberPool Just heard Imagine Dragons' new single "Shots" for first time. At some point I'm going to stop being surprised by how good they are. Great reminder on the importance of getting the fundamentals right -- Vince Lombardi on Mastering the Fundamentals Millions of LinkedIn Members Want to Volunteer Their Skills for Good Our Bet for 2030 via Bill Gates Job market momentum continues to build -- Initial Jobless Claims Fall to 15-Year Low via Some excellent lifehacks on reducing meeting time, starting with scheduling shorter meetings via Study: CMOs Ranks Social Marketing As No. 1 Technology Investment In Coming Years Great piece on founding of Headspace, one of my new favorite apps -- Monk & Madman Making Mindfulness for the Masses Innovation isn't the same as product quality. A product breakthrough can sustain for awhile, but if quality is low disruption is inevitable Extraordinary results -- A Few Thoughts on Apple's Blowout Quarter via One simple way to get more women in leadership: close the generosity gap. By: .@Fascinatingpics Would make for an effective insurance ad: Sometimes the biggest risks exist just below the surface Outstanding fireside chat: interviewing Nest's Tony Fadell to kickoff day two of LinkedIn's R&D offsite The view from Asilomar at LinkedIn's R&D Kickoff '15 Impressive call by from over 10  years ago -- Yahoo Was the GE of the Internet Good data-driven piece from -- The End of the Suburbs and Four Other American Migration Myths I had seen it. Impressive. However, wouldn't ball deflation lead to singular step function improvement vs. ongoing progress? Pats should have started here: ESPN's Sport Science lab investigates; finds results of under-inflation immaterial Agreed. "Not taking a risk is a risk." -- Robert Redford on Risks, Sundance Doubts, & Picking the Wrong Investors Intuit CEO on how best to respond to customers when companies make fundamental changes to key products Great read on an increasing rarity in professional sports these days: Doing the right thing vs. winning at all costs Nothing in life can push you as hard as you can push yourself. "Motivated," "passionate," and "creative" when it comes to doing your best work? Apparently, you're not the only one GM CEO Mary Barra on her first 90 days on the job -- The Most Important Leadership Skills I've Picked Up in 30 Years Storage at massive scale with Espresso Today's Indian Startup Scene is Growing Fast - Here's Why via Unusual reversal by Tag Heuer on Apple Watch. Curious what triggered change. Regardless, should bode well for Apple Excellent post regarding Bitcoin as a platform -- Why Bitcoin Is and Isn't Like the Internet via Russell Wilson has faced Super Bowl winning quarterbacks 10 times. He's won all ten games This game is insane. After five turnovers Seahawks have no business even being in the game let alone winning. Now Aaron Rodgers turn. Down 16-0, fake field goal for Seahawks was seriously gutsy. Well played. Regardless of the job, if you are going to do it, may as as well give it 100% Finally had chance to eat at The Restaurant at Meadowood. All things considered, one of best dining experiences I've had. .@elonmusk is not just talking about colonizing Mars; he's now building the infrastructure via Oftentimes read about work/life tradeoffs made in business. Unusual to see it mentioned so explicitly in sports Why We Think Paid Leave is a Worker's Right, Not a Privilege via Valerie Jarrett, senior advisor to the President ESPN Scores Highest Cable TV Rating Ever With College Football's First Playoff Championship via At nearly 5M, U.S. job openings rise near 14 year high via @dickc Now just need to add lyrics in ticker and should be all set. Great series on startup climate in developing countries -- Startup Rising: Colombia via Awesome. Liam Neeson (from Taken 3) announces the LinkedIn member with a particular set of skills worthy of his team Cowboys 2015 playoffs: The refs giveth and the refs taketh away. That throw and catch by Romo and Bryant was ridiculous. @hblodget Ditto. Aikman addressed it but still don't agree with call. @gretchenrubin Great post. My word for this year would be "mindfulness." Lacy reminds me a lot of Lynch. Didn't realize he's only in his second season. He's going to big for Packers for a long time to come. Wouldn't be surprised if 2015 is the year mindfulness & meditation move from new age pursuit to mainstream practice Surprised to hear news of Rex Ryan going to Bills (vs Falcons). Inherits similar QB situation and now competing against old team. If there's an online Pulitzer, should be considered for collective work on history & implications of Bay Area stratification Thoughtful, exhaustive history behind unfathomable economic stratification between East Palo Alto and Silicon Valley .@dickc Long story short, the answer is Sweet Caroline. Cheap Gas May Take the Sting Out of Falling Wages via Long before days of tweetstorms, classic post on importance of identifying product market/fit for startups .@pmarca is back with a classic. The ONLY thing that matters for new startups: Newsle is a great stand alone service and a powerful platform -- Sales Navigator Increases Company News Coverage 6x Another better than expected Jobs report in December: U.S. Adds 252k Jobs; Unemployment Falls to 5.6% LinkedIn Reaches One Million Member Posts, Opens Publishing Platform to New Markets .@adambain That's going in the lobby. Congrats! cc: Congrats to our search team on developing a faster, more intuitive LinkedIn Search. Looking forward to what's ahead Oil prices now down 50% since July -- Oil Prices Fall to New Lows on Supply Glut via Apparently, Joe Montana doesn't just win Super Bowls, he wins at commercials too via Agreed. Helps develop trust and shorthand -- The Most Innovative Companies Have Long-Term Leadership via The On-Demand Economy is Reshaping Companies and Careers via First thought after seeing Boyhood was "masterpiece." Beyond its unique 12 year scope, captures life as elegantly as any movie I've seen College playoffs off to very strong start with two highest rated broadcasts in cable TV history. Waze founder on a startup CEO's real job: Setting company vision, communicating it & holding the line Hardly a pick me up, but just finished Broadchurch. Incredible. Only eight episode arc so you'll be able to finish in a day Finally got around to binge-watching Broadchurch. Brilliant. Not as well known as some other must see 1-hr tv dramas, but equally deserving Any company can act like a startup; only new companies seeking sustainable value propositions actually are startups… Valuable and concise lookback by on key tech trends that emerged in 2014 -- What Just Happened  … Just started following. It's not only funny; some of that stuff is brilliant. Subjective list, but would be interesting to track trends over time -- 50 Coolest New Businesses In America Noteworthy for emphasis on first principles vs. analogies -- How To Prepare For A Meeting With Elon Musk Rex Ryan seems like great fit for Raiders on multiple fronts. Could also be next Madden on TV. Will be interesting to see where he ends up. "Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right." - Henry Ford via Count me among them. Signing up now -- The Best Amazon Feature That Not Enough Shoppers Know About Wish we had this when I was an undergrad -- To Raise Science Scores, Colleges Look Beyond the Lecture @msuster Was looking for something portable for travel to complement Audio Technica over-the-ear. Great call. @chrisfralic Bought on your collective recommendation. Just flipped switch on noise cancellation. Whoa. Wasn't thinking much about wearable category until received Microsoft Band as a gift. Just took it for a run (literally). Lots of potential. Between Yahoo Sports, Finance, Weather and the new (and very slick) News Digest app, Yahoo's mobile apps continue to show real promise 10 Reasons Why 2014 Was the Best Year for the U.S. Economy Since the Great Recession via Good piece by -- Intuit's CEO on Building a Design Driven Company via How To Choose The Perfect LinkedIn Cover Photo via @nancylublin Was going to suggest same. Please take notes. :) @nancylublin Beef or chicken? Flour or corn tortilla? Who's making the guacamole? Too much room for error, thus #6. @nancylublin Rationale is that burritos arguably have highest beta on the list. @nancylublin I'm with Nancy on this one. Would bump burritos to the six spot. Bacon and chocolate chip cookie dough (homemade) Closest thing I've seen to flying in hoops since MJ dunked from foul line. Worth noting, this guy is only 6'1 Mark Cuban is Not Who You Think (and to Most People, Neither Are You) via 2015: A Look Ahead with LinkedIn's Technical Women Leaders via Increasing # of stories discussing highly addictive nature of sugar -- Sugar Season. It's Everywhere, and Addictive Fascinating science behind what most of us experience intuitively -- How the Human Brain Experiences Your Brand How to be an expert in a changing world? 1. Believe in change 2. Focus initially on people rather than ideas Best news feeds on web combine machine learning, social cues, and editorial curation. Latter helps prevent this Crazy how well Romo and Big Ben have been playing over the last six plus weeks. Will be interesting to see who goes further in the playoffs. Four slide summary on why mobile has so drastically changed the web and our lives via  … Assuming you've read Easy Riders, Raging Bulls? If the staggering decline in law school applications is any indication, tech is dislocating white collar jobs too "Diversity is perspective" - -- How One Tech Company Managed to Hire a More Diverse Workforce Very cool. An astronaut aboard the space station needed a wrench, so NASA emailed him one via Apple Pay off to good start, with particular traction at Whole Foods. Any thoughts from people who have used it? Worth a read -- The Conventional Wisdom on Oil Is Always Wrong via We saw 4M  presentations, infographics, docs & videos shared via Slideshare in 2014. Here are some of most memorable Pretty cool: I'll take web sites for $800, Alex. Smart. If anyone can change the game here, it's Kari Nadeau -- Sean Parker Gives $24M to Stanford to Cure Allergies Data Mining, Security, Recruiting: Skills as sign of the times - The 25 Hottest Skills that Got People Hired in 2014 .@originalYoni once knew a web dev by that name. Wrote succinct but very profound code. Bias aside, huge fan of Newsle. Must read email digest of connections in the news. Great example of nailing a singular use case. The Fastest Growing Job in Each State via Amazing how quickly media landscape has shifted: Netflix and Amazon will compete for best TV series at Golden Globes reminds me of Man's Search for Meaning. Important key to resiliency: Recognizing that you are not defined by what happened to you so much as what you are going to do about it First saw this via status update while sitting at my desk; turned around and saw the real thing. As companies grow, success increasingly requires optimal patience: Enough to bring people along, but not so much that nothing ever gets done A list worth reading from James Manyika, Director of McKinsey's Global Institute -- 2014's Biggest, Wildest Ideas Cool. Liam Neeson (in character from Taken) will record a one-of-a-kind video endorsing a LinkedIn member's profile It's not just about losing skills, it's about losing touch -- This Is What It Feels like to Be Unemployed For Years Was starting to think hype about expected storm in Bay Area was overblown...until just now. Hardest rainfall I've seen in CA in 20 years. Holds for companies at any stage -- 7 Traits of Truly Sensational Start-up Employees via "So, when does she work? It doesn't matter, she's crushing her numbers."  -- The Power of Choice via 4.8M job openings in the U.S. -- Employers Are Posting A Lot More Job Openings via Predicting career jumps for more than 300 titles using LinkedIn data -- Oh, the Places You'll Go! (Or Not) via Sheryl Sandberg and Adam Grant Reveal the Real Solution to Ending Gender Discrimination at Work via Two thoughts from Browns/Colts: 1/Luck as clutch as any QB in recent memory 2/There's going to be lots of 2nd guessing not playing Manziel Can't recall last time I saw an offense as established as Steelers undergo kind of transformation they have this season. Any explanations? .@GregGoodfried Looks like Kirk had it right: Ohio State is in and TCU is out. Should be a great playoff The culture is so deeply ingrained at Amazon, that if I wanted to change it, I couldn't - Jeff Bezos Didn't know there was still big supply/demand gap. Good problem to have -- Why Can't Apple Meet Demand for iPhone 6 @GregGoodfried Uniforms aside, all six teams in question peaking at right time. That said, give the edge to Oregon offense. @johnolilly Agreed. Never thought TCU was the issue. But ESPN almost made it sound like fait accompli they were out. interesting to hear ESPN announcers saying both FSU and Ohio are in and TCU is out. We shall see. Either way, four good teams. tell that to Boise, Hawaii, BYU (you get the idea) lol. Impressed with what Meyer has done there and what they're doing against a strong Wisconsin team with a back-up QB. Strength of record? If Ohio State continues to blow out Wisconsin and FSU wins another close one, will it be enough for Ohio to make the playoff? "The world's troubles are your troubles, but there's nothing wrong with the world that better human beings can't fix" Happiness Matters: Pharrell Williams on the "Happy" Phenomenon via 9 experts. 9 interviews. 9 pieces of career wisdom from the best minds in business. .@S27G_ From earbuds to Audio Technica M50x Stocks: All-time high. Gas: Cheapest in 4 years. Jobs: Growing. Wages: Picking up. Finally. A positive, affirming culture generates measurable ROI -- Five Random Acts of Kindness That Are Great for Business (Very) late to the over-the-ears headphones trend. Completely get it now. Can't get over the difference it makes to the sound quality. Brutal honesty from Fran Tarkenton on the struggles of RGIII, but relevant for all managers: Great interview with Ajay Banga, CEO of Mastercard. One of the most thoughtful and insightful CEOs in the business. 2014 has been the best year for job creation since 1999 via 321k jobs created in November, significantly higher than expectations. Unemployment unchanged at 5.8% via "Even as CEO, the black male experience is my reality" -- It's Time to Revolutionize Race Relations Congrats Richard! Looking forward to checking out the beta. "Aim for leverage" is a key -- The Top Five Things I've Learnt About Giving via At  thank you is more than a gift; it's the business model -- Our Case for Gratitude Privileged to work with amazing people like -- Design and Life After a Stroke One Thing America is Still World's Best At, and Getting Even Better via Looks like last scene from the original Indiana Jones -- Look Inside Amazon's Giant Warehouses Ahead of X-Mas Rush Good advice on why it's best not to write emails when angry -- Step Away From the Keyboard via One of most thoughtful interviews I've read recently -- Chris Rock: What's Killing America, What's Saving Comedy The Top 10 Ads of 2014 via "Every single type of engineering is in short supply" -- Skills Shortages Holding Back UK Recovery via Insider's look at how Vox is developing the future of digitial media -- Building the Next Generation of Media Brands Surprised by how relatively little press emerging US energy independence generates. Big geo-political game changer Best pie chart ever Applying Newton's three laws of motion to the concept of productivity. Great stuff -- The Physics of Productivity Thanks to all for helpful suggestions on iPhone 6 vs Plus. Happy with decision to go w/ Plus. Guessing transition from 6 much easier than 5 Very helpful. Thanks. Have a 6, thinking 6 Plus. Yes to both video and books. Can you be more specific on "too big," e.g. too big too use the same way as a 5/6? Too big to fit in pocket? Cracked iPhone 6 screen. Was heading in for replacement until reading this. Now tempted to go for 6 Plus. Thoughts? Harvard MRI study shows meditation rebuilds brain's gray matter in as few as eight weeks via The Oil Market Seems Surprised by OPEC -- It Shouldn't Be via Revisiting Maslow at work using a new motivational framework: Autonomy, relatedness, competency via Professional migration to the U.S. is in decline -- LinkedIn Data Shows U.S. Losing Out on Immigrants it Covets Most Have a great Thanksgiving. bacon and walnuts Provocative metaphor: Silicon Valley's Culture of Amorality -- Water Will Find Its Way via With interaction design, the little things can make all the difference -- The Origins of Famous Microinteractions "The key is finding the space where the two can meet" -- Platforms Court Journalists, But Will The Romance Last? Just catching up to Odell Beckham catch meme. Lost in all of the Vines is the overall length, speed and trajectory of pass. That's insane. Perhaps it's Gronkowski's return, but ever since people said Brady was on his way out, he's been playing some of his best football in years Very cool use of data -- An Interactive History of the NFL When coaching, ineffective managers talk about how smart they are; effective managers talk about how smart you can be Open, authentic, insightful: Indian PM Narendra Modi continues to impress with use of social media. The Global Trends That Will Shape Recruiting in 2015 If you want to engage your employees on a whole new level, listen -- Put Down Your Phone (And Become More Powerful) Valuable primer and overview of Bitcoin from one of the industry's leaders, CEO LinkedIn Profile continues to evolve as platform -- Showcase Your Professional Certifications on LinkedIn in 1-Click LinkedIn Sharpens Education Focus: Self-Serve Widget Lets Users Add Certifications via Other Sites via This is a big deal, literally and figuratively -- Yahoo Replaces Google as Mozilla Search Partner Congrats & on amazing growth of the site - Thank You For Making BI #1 Business Publication Sometimes silence speaks louder than words.  ad on the cost of waiting to respond to Ebola Bottom line: Trust your gut -- Five Ways to Start Making Better Decisions Now via The First Step to Success? Admit Failure via The 7 laws of regenerative enterprises: potential, meaning, creativity, learning, humanity, vitality, and coherence What We Have Learned From Our Ebola Work, So Far via, Vice Chair UN Envoy for Health Finance Ebay CEO on why he's stepping aside -- The Road Not Taken: Ready to Forge a New Path Like most of his weekly HBO shows, John Oliver's take on Net Neutrality is important, insightful and wickedly funny In-depth article on the many challenges facing McDonald's. Reads like case-study. What would you focus on? Great coaching on being a great coach -- An Afternoon with Fred Kofman Wisconsin's Melvin Gordon is ridiculous. Has run for 238 yards against Nebraska...in first half. Making strong case for this year's Heisman. @KatieS Katie, I'm holding you responsible if I end up thinking about this when drinking my next margarita Universities Are Schooling Tech Companies in Video via Decks from & more on our Startups Topic Page: Very consistent with' original vision at Topspin -- Apple's $3B Bet on Reinventing the Music Industry and a fine mission statement it is. Where Are All the Middle-Skill Workers? Via The Next Big Thing You Missed: LinkedIn's Quest to Get a Job for Everyone on Earth via LinkedIn members publish 40k original posts per week. A look at some of the best -- The Most Memorable Posts of 2014 Veterans Helping Veterans: How I Got a Job at Google via Enormously grateful to all of those who so bravely serve our country. Thank you. Honoring Our Veterans, One Job at a Time Mobile is Eating the World via Have seen lots of coverage of "Bring Your Parents to Work," but this is first time I've seen it from a parent's view Kevin's kids gave him unique gift: 50 things to do before turning 50. His 2nd post on the invaluable lessons learned If unemployment is shrinking why aren't wages growing? Three theories -- The Rise of Invisible Unemployment "...at a lot of big companies, process becomes a substitute for thinking." - Elon Musk What are your favorite visual decks on SlideShare? Share them here. #visualisviral Unemployment falls to 5.8%. Good to see underemployment & labor participation moving in the right direction as well Over 2.3 MILLION #LinkedIn members want to volunteer their skills for good! Don't believe us? Do your own search! Easily create decks that look professionally made -- right on SlideShare. Start today: Writing and sharing on LinkedIn just got easier How universities can renew American cities via Novel thesis on why attention spans are getting shorter and what can be done about it -- A Natural Fix for A.D.H.D. Science has figured out how elite athletes best each other. Here's why it's relevant to you via With 90% market share, Starbucks exploring partnerships for their mobile payments capability via If leadership is the ability to inspire others to achieve shared objectives, embodied that today The World's 100 Most Desirable Employers via Great look at the relationship between World Series MVP Madison Bumgarner and his dad through a simple text message … This is impressive -- Daniel Radcliffe Raps Blackalicious' "Alphabet Aerobics":  via If the U.S. economy is so good, why do we feel so bad? via Nice to see LinkedIn mentioned in a story with LeBron James (re: helping the NBA sell tickets) via Amy Brooks Congrats to, Dan Wernikoff, and the Intuit QuickBooks team on a successful inaugural QuickBooks Connect 7 keys to building rapport from FBI behavioral expert. Top of list: Avoid judgement, suspend ego, actively listen ABC Anchor Dan Harris Talks About Happiness, Habits, and Meditation via This Map Identifies the Skill Set that Defines Each Big City via Jeff Bezos refers to this as work/life harmony. Couldn't agree more -- Work-Life Balance is Bull via Was a privilege meeting . Easy to see why his vision for future of government & tech has inspired so many Here Are the World's 100 Most InDemand Employers via A Call for Crazy Ideas via Congrats to LinkedIn's on recognition by The Adweek 50 as one of most influential people in advertising Excellent advice for an increasingly remote workforce -- 9 Tips to Master Videoconferencing @cornett Still my favorite note-taking tech Thank you to the founders of for creating an indispensable tool for voters: Fact-checked campaign info Experiential shopping may keep people coming back to stores -- Extreme Shopping: Customer's Hold on For Dear Life Could online competency-based learning change the workforce? -- The Real Revolution in Online Education Isn't MOOCs If you want something handled with urgency, keep in mind Parkinson's Law: Work expands so as to fill the time available for its completion Good article on the rise of Pinterest & sizable opportunity ahead given its understanding of future purchase intent Google's latest Android ad is one of its best yet. Bonus points for using an Andrew W.K. song Members who list skills on their LinkedIn Profiles receive an avg of 13x more profile views that those who don't People Have Started Listing Google Glass, GoPro & Xbox One as Skills on Their LinkedIn Profiles via Getting Ready for the Next Ebola via Ray Chambers Call to Action - The LinkedIn Economic Graph Challenge via Big Thinkers. Big Data. Big Opportunity: Announcing the LinkedIn Economic Graph Challenge Following unanimous and overwhelming support by big group at recent dinner event, looks like Game of Thrones is next up on binge list Story on how to quit smoking with interesting implications on making any abstract, longer-term fear more immediate 50 things to do by 50 (in one year). Fun list Kevin's kids made for him with some valuable lessons on goal setting Efforts like can make a big difference here -- Tech Jobs: Minorities Have Degrees, But Don't Get Hired Nearly six years at LinkedIn and literally couldn't wait to get to work this morning. Very grateful to have the opportunity to do what I do Square introduces arrival prediction in context of ordering coffee, i.e. anticipatory computing applied to commerce.… 3D printing tech helping to save lives by enabling doctors to plan surgery using replicas before actually operating Great insight from at LinkedIn's #CommsConnect event: TMI & NEU (Too much information, not enough understanding) For all the stories I've read on the reasons for Steve Jobs' success, this is first I've seen focus on this quality wants to reach 100M students this week - Calling All Students, Teachers, Parents & Engineers Apache Helix: A LinkedIn Framework for Distributed Systems Development Throw Out the College Application System via Jerry Seinfeld Gets Brutally Honest About Advertising in This Hilarious Speech at the Clios via Beyond good news on number of jobs created and unemployment falling under 6%, underemployment rate improving as well Lowest unemployment rate since July 2008 -- Jobless Rate in U.S. Falls Below 6% as Hiring Picks Up via Comes directly from me. Good example of leveraging university outcomes data on LinkedIn --- The 20 Schools With Most Alumni at Google One of hardest yet most important prioritization criteria is recognizing that sometimes what you want is not the same as what you can win at Great example of how LinkedIn data can enable better decision making - Ranking Universities Based on Career Outcomes Congrats to LInkedIn's Students team! -- Social   Data = Better Decisions for Students via LinkedIn Flexes Its Search Engine Muscle, Adds College Finding Tools via Very happy to see Jerry Yang receiving well deserved credit for one of the all-time great Silicon Valley investments Excited about the possibilities here -- Real-time Analytics at Massive Scale with Pinot via Netflix sets its sights on disrupting first-run movies - With Crouching Tiger Sequel Netflix Takes Aim at Hollywood Excellent example of managing compassionately -- Iowa Couple's Big Tip for Bad Service Goes Viral Beyond his five World Series wins, perhaps Jeter's greatest legacy will be the dignity with which he carried himself LinkedIn and WeChat: More Ways for You to Manage Your Professional Identity Globally On and Off LinkedIn Excellent post on defining your own path -- The Narrative Fallacy: Why You shouldn't Copy Steve Jobs via @johnolilly Emerging trust issue when question before downloading software update is did it break anything vs. what's improved? Insightful take on a classic interview question -- Sell Me This Pen! A Key to the Sales Job Interview Humility, grace, humor & authenticity: Kevin Durant's MVP acceptance speech a master class in expressing gratitude The 3 Ps of Entrepreneurs (and Permission Isn't One of Them) via Interesting thoughts on how to best cultivate a gut feel -- The Valuable Data in Your Gut via Leveraging the power of data to create opportunities for Veterans -- Mapping U.S. Veteran Skills and Employer Needs @LinkedIn Yep. Good first post. First adjustment using iOS 8: Emoji option is a bit close to shift button. Was typing email and appeared as a panda, koala, and two monkeys Apple completely nailed the form factor for the iPhone 6 (wouldn't want it any bigger). Smart to also offer the 6+ to meet phablet demand. Google X pioneer and Udacity Founder & CEO on the art of fast failure Indian PM on the evolving relationship between India and China -- The Beginning of a New Chapter Chilling image of surfer unaware of nearby shark. Increasingly, drone footage will shine light on parallel reality Excellent piece on web product design leveraging key learning from game development via Michael Dell Opens Up A Year After Buying Back His Company via Effective problem solving starts by clearly identifying what problem you are trying to solve for. Amazing how often this gets overlooked. The difference between feeling guilt and shame is the difference between thinking "I made a mistake" vs. "I am a mistake" - Brene Brown Excellent summary of approach used by one of best investors in tech --12 Things I've Learned From Just posted on LinkedIn - Gurus, goals and mindfulness Can big data solve veteran unemployment? via The story of the iPhone's evolution from 2008 to 2014 told in one picture via 10 Things I Learned at LinkedIn Sales Connect 2014 via Thanks to Eight Inc for donating design services to  for new HQ in NYC. Big help to great org Most Leadership Advice is Useless. Here's What I Really Learned in Running 20 Companies via LinkedIn Bring in Your Parents to Work Day is back on 11/6. Virgin and British Air are in. How about your company? Great post from IDEO CEO Tim Brown on 3 things he's learned from interns. Completely agreed on all three points Good thing this new Stanford startup class will also be online; there won't be a classroom big enough to meet demand They said yes to the offer; now comes the important part. Good reminder on importance of onboarding via Alistair Cox Why writes his own posts -- Behind the Scenes: How I Write Blogs This should be applied beyond the classroom -- Harvard Business School's Role in Widening Inequality via on current state of investing and risk taking in Silicon Valley -- VC Sounds Alarm on Startup Investing LinkedIn Adding Open Roles From Companies Across the Globe via Eduardo Vivas How LinkedIn, Nike, and Apple Tell Inspiring Stories via New feature on LinkedIn: Would you have funded this start-up? via Listening to Pandora. Twice heard unfamiliar song that liked enough to check artist. Both times was Clever -- Experience the power of a bookbook (aka an analog IKEA catalog). "Twitter is the operating system of news." Excellent interview with Twitter head of media Simple way to make meetings more effective: Ask presenter to include "This meeting will be successful if..." on first page h/t An Open Letter to the President: Why We Need Immigration Reform via Congrats to Matthew C. Heist and the team at High Gear Media -- Internet Brands Acquires High Gear Media Introducing three new tools to provide LinkedIn members more choice and control over their account and data  … Thanks for telling me about this talk by Krista Donaldson, CEO of,  at… Vice Media continues its impressive ascent with $250M investment and new cable channel through pending deal with A&E The number of temps has hit record high as % of the workforce -- The Changing Face of Temporary Employment  … The definition of superhero isn't the guy in a cape; it's someone who impacts lives with compassion, kindness & love Chegg increasingly advocating on behalf of students to provide more textbook choices on campus via Daniel Rosensweig The System Is Rigged Against College Students This explains everything The A-Z of Everything That's Wrong With B2B Creative via Staying power: Max Martin, producer of Shake it Off (#1 on iTunes) and Bang Bang (#3), also produced I Want It That Way & Baby One More Time Good advice from -- A LinkedIn Exec Shares the #1 Tip for Using the Professional Network The three qualities of people I most enjoy working with .@johnolilly what's interesting tonight is it's not just about the value of real-time data, it's also the sense of community...at 3:30am .@johnolilly First place I turned. Anecdotal confirmation within a few secs. Official data within a few mins. Amazing. Must read on an increasingly critical concept: How to develop a growth mindset --  The Learning Myth via Sal Khan Fascinating work by Thomas Malone on 4 drivers of group intelligence: Individual IQs, social perception, equality of contribution, % women Gates Foundation to match contributions through tomorrow -- How to Make a Teacher's Day via Bill Gates It's tempting to #micromanage, but it isn't good for you or your team. Focus on overall vision, coaching, & mentoring Why are PC Sales Up and Tablet Sales Down? via What 80k Teachers Say They Most Need in Their Classrooms via On importance of recruiting: Since '07, Nick Saban has coached only 2 games at Alabama with "inferior talent" vs. opponent via Puts things in perspective: "Today is a miraculous day. I am thrilled to be alive and reunited with my family" Kent Brantley, Ebola survivor Slideshare Makes Pro Features Like Analytics Free via Already accepted. :) “A coach is someone who can give correction without causing resentment.” – John Wooden 25 Business Tips From the World's Best Coaches via Refreshing piece on professional golfer Bubba Watson holding himself accountable for behavior on and off the course Survey Monkey CEO on what Harvard grads found most surprising in 25 years since graduating Fun seeing Steve so energized at the Clippers intro event. Helps put news of his leaving MSFT board into perspective Watch David Letterman's moving tribute to Robin Williams Vintage Steve Ballmer as he intros himself to Clippers fans cheering louder than any fan in the building Nice job -- "That's so much worse than I thought it would be!" Sarah Lacy takes the Ice Bucket Challenge Finally got around to watching The Lego Movie. Genius. Between this and Guardians of the Galaxy Chris Pratt is having a pretty epic year. Bill Gates takes ALS challenge to another level. Great short form video series well worth watching -- Everything is a Remix via Excellent article on both the staying power of The Shawshank Redemption and the business model behind film libraries #IceBucketChallenge accepted  You’re up Visit LinkedIn's vision to build the world's first Economic Graph -- Workers of the World, Log In via Acting like an a**hole is easy. Managing compassionately, that's hard. Sometimes the most challenging experiences turn out to be the most valuable. Enjoyed last night's fireside chat with the always thought provoking and entertaining Sarah Lacy via Bold, but perhaps warranted. Could always use phone for urgent matters -- No More Work Emails on Vacation? via@CNBC .Thought I was safe when went with for the challenge. So much for that. #thankfulforwarmweather You can now follow us on LinkedIn for the best of BrilliantAds! The 17 Most Bizarre Tech Company Interviews via "Robin was, in the eyes of those two engineers, a first-rate human-being" via Just heard Badfinger's "Baby Blue." Immediately went back to Breaking Bad finale. Has there ever been a more fitting song to end a series? Simplifying the bull: Picasso stripping away unessential details until just the bull remains via Hopefully a game changer -- White House Launches U.S. Digital Service with  Fixer at Helm 10 Signs That You Are Born To Make it Big in Life via Are you destined for greatness? Here are 10 signs you're meant to make it big in life, via: "Find people to push you...Once I realized what I was capable of, I no longer considered blindness a disability" - D… Always knew Kobe studied Michael, but this is crazy -- Kobe Bryant vs. Michael Jordan - Identical Plays If Athletes Had LinkedIn Profiles via Proud to support #SchoolDay with. Bid to join me for lunch in SF to help   … Elon Musk: Five Areas That Will Have the Most Important Effect on Humanity The World in 2025: 10 Predictions of Innovation via Instead of asking students what their major is, ask what problems they want to solve -- Let's Kill the College Major MongoDB CEO's explanation of why he's stepping down is one of most honest, genuine, and gracious exits I've seen. Not sure which is better, the concept or the video. Both are pretty cool. Inspired by Yo? -- Push for Pizza @JasonHirschhorn Flaming Lips meets The Beach Boys Extraordinary. Commuters team up to tip train off of trapped passenger via Social serendipity on LinkedIn is bringing back that real random connection feeling for me. Total rush today from random engagem… Disrupted Slumber: Can We Really Hack Sleep? via cc: Very well said -- The Most Common Mistake in Business, And How to Overcome It via What's Your Crazy? -- The Most Important Question I Ask Candidates via here's your app for random act of kindness.. How Successful People Stay Calm via .@MadameMoodle Could also try  to raise funds for this. Either way, count me in. cc: .@MadameMoodle Brilliant idea. Could see a whole series like this. If you put this up on Kickstarter I'll be one of first to support. If top scientists throughout history had their own logos  via Guardians of the Galaxy soundtrack as good as the movie. As compilation of 70s & 80s hits, will people buy album or just recreate playlist? Guardians of the Galaxy was awesome. Marvel & Pixar in class by themselves in consistently producing blockbusters. Both acquired by Disney. A user interface is like a joke. If you have to explain it, it's not that good via No surprise here. is one of best I've worked with --  With Beats Deal Complete, Ian Rogers to Run ITunes Radio Pessimism always sounds more sophisticated & cosmopolitan than optimism. That + lack of acknowledgement of prior bad calls warp… Empowering Social Sellers with LinkedIn's New Sales Navigator via Great example of how employees can use their skills to impact the world. The 20 Most Popular Ted Talks of All-Time via Sizzling Tech Economy is Fueling Urban Renaissance via Does Studying Fine Art = Unemployment? Introducing LinkedIn's Field of Study Explorer Nice Zoolander reference -- Your New LinkedIn Profile Makes You Ridiculously Good Looking on Mobile, and in Meetings LinkedIn Redesigns Mobile Profiles to Put Relationships Into Context via Sam Smith's In the Lonely Hour is one of best, most complete albums I've heard in some time. Reminiscent of Adele's 21. Free market at work: After taking big lead, AWS seeing real competition from Google, Microsoft & in-house solutions The Latest LinkedIn Features You Should Start Using Today via Hillary Clinton visited Twitter & Facebook yesterday. She would've visited LinkedIn, but she already knows what job she wants - Jimmy Fallon Neymar's brain activity less than 10% that of amateur player. Gives new meaning to idea of playing out of your mind Conversation with Fortune's on managing compassionately and key similarity between recruiting and M&A Don't apologize for getting emotional at work. Important to be open when times get tough -- How Not to Cry at Work The Important Language Our Kids Aren't Learning via Strong Economic Optimism in India Amidst a Mixed Global Picture: LinkedIn Economic Confidence Outlook Great to see more awareness for -- In Tech, Some Minorities are too Minor. This Group Wants to Change That progress continues: K-8 program now in 31k classrooms, record year for AP Computer Science Just noticed your account wasn't verified. Turns out, I know a guy who knows a guy. Let me see what I can do. .@applechews Well that takes care of that. :) Welcome Russell, Bryan & the entire Bizo team to LinkedIn! -- Building a Robust B2B Marketing Platform Through Bizo .@applechews 100% legit. Think the blue tick issue is up to, but don't know for certain. Very mysterious. In simplest terms possible, the people I most enjoy working with dream big, get sh*t done, and know how to have fun. How many jobs are going uncreated as a result of this trend? -- The 40-Hour Workweek is Done via The Number One Killer of Successful Organizations: How to Avoid Being Its Next Victim via Why writes: Not for # of views, but to pay forward the knowledge received over 35 yrs of experience Every child deserves a champion; someone who insists they become the best they can possibly be via Yanks have 8th worst run differential (-36) in majors, yet still tied for 2nd in AL East, only 3 1/2 games back Some Universities Crack Code in Drawing Women to Computer Science via .@tushardelhi I can see why. Insightful, well written post. What Predicts Success? It's Not Your IQ via How to build a world-class engineering culture  -- Leadership, Craftsmanship, and Execution via Congrats to and the entire 49ers organization on the opening of their new stadium Mercedes Looks for Up and Comers on LinkedIn @Delta Thanks for sharing. That helps answer that. Waiting for story to be told on's turnaround. Improvements in equipment, service, tech hard to believe vs. several years ago. "These Incredibly Cool Ads Make Me Optimistic About Advertising's Next Act" by on @businessinsider Thanks, Henry. Great spending time with you and the team. Companies are the stories that they tell. Take the time to define what yours is all about. High praise. Will make sure to check it out. True Detective a better comp? Stack ranking vs. 1st season of The Wire, Breaking Bad, Mad Men and House of Cards? Welcome Chip Bergh, CEO of Levi Strauss & Co., as the latest Influencer with a post on why he never washes his jeans If you haven't used  yet, give it a try. Highly intuitive way to follow news of your network Excited to welcome the team to LinkedIn! - Stay in the Know on Your Network: Newsle Joins the LinkedIn Family Congrats to Germany. Best team in this year's World Cup won. Match increasingly looking like German endurance vs Argentinian defense. This final illustrative of everything that's made this World Cup so memorable: Faster, more open, more physical, and impressive goalkeeping Exciting first half. Solid play from both sides. Argentina defense continues to impress, but surprised to see them with so many chances. The best business book Bill Gates ever read Thx for 250 eyeballs,! Not bad for a 1st post, right? Now writing up a storm! #MBABarbie life: @LinkedIn Not bad at all. Good for Cleveland, good for the NBA, good for sports -- LeBron James: "I'm coming home" LinkedIn behind the scenes: How open source software can transform a company - and the world Excited to launch our new Connected app; a glimpse into the future of mobile and anticipatory computing at LinkedIn Now abundantly clear why Netherlands made goalie substitution in previous game. So much for shootouts being solely about luck. .@domdelport Thanks, Dom, but it's actually 2 new members per sec. Has been for awhile now. Former Treasury Secretary says economic challenge won't be producing enough. It will be providing enough work. LinkedIn study reveals relationships at work key driver of workplace happiness. 41/50. :) You? Somebody flew a drone into some fireworks, and it was awesome. Happy 4th of July! Just pledged to MAYDAY.US. If anyone can take the money out of politics, it's Lawrence Mastery is more than a matter of practice -- New Study Destroys Malcolm Gladwell's 10,000 Hour Rule How 7 Successful Entrepreneurs Find Focus Truth -- Ten Things That Will Never Fail You via Why People Check Email When You're Presenting via What Drives the Man with the World's "Most Impossible Job"? via Congrats to on being recognized among the 50 most influential people in PR. Well deserved! Great take from the people who made it happen -- How the PayPal Mafia Redefined Success in Silicon Valley A few counterintuitive suggestions here -- Everything You Need to Know About Giving Negative Feedback via .@jeffweiner Haven't seen such creative replies here since pocket tweeting the letter "x." E India's Got Talent: Cities in India Top Cities Attracting Technology Talent New head of Apple Retail, Angela Ahrendts, on her approach to coming up to speed in her new role -- Starting Anew Congrats to our IT team on this well deserved honor -- The No. 1 midsize place to work in IT: LinkedIn .@BeardEric First thing I did after the whistle blew was rewind to this exact frame. Perhaps a moment to rival Bill Buckner's error Can't recall last time I felt that kind of emotion during a major sporting event (both highs and lows). What a game. Hope US can bounce back What It's Like Working at LinkedIn's Silicon Valley Offices via Now that's an office with a view (with CEO Maurice Levy at Publicis headquarters in Paris). LinkedIn Launches Its First Standalone Job Search App via Corollary to listen with intent to understand, and not to reply: Speak with intent to be understood and not to prove yourself to others Waze, Sonos, Kindle downloading, and even 15 years later, Google Search: Four innovations that work so well they never cease to amaze Is Starbucks beginning a new era of employer sponsored education? Managing compassionately begins by listening with the intent to understand and not the intent to reply. Much easier said than done. "You can fail at what you don't want, so you might as well take a chance at doing what you love." - Jim Carrey This French tech school has no teachers, no books, no tuition -- and it could change everything via Troubling stats regarding y/y declines in primetime TV ratings -- Network Television is Imploding in One Chart .@WPP's Sir Martin Sorrell on advertising: "Don Draper wouldn't recognise 75% of what we do."  htt… Katy Perry partners with Staples and Donorschoose to help support teachers. Congrats Alison Corcoran &! Another great #culturecode deck on -- This Culture Deck Powers the World's Toughest Work via Will be interesting to see if Priceline can do for OpenTable what it did for Managing a hyper-growth company is like putting a rocket into space; if you're off by inches at launch you can be off by miles out in orbit. This is getting pretty meta -- Jackpot! My CEO Liked My Post Wasn't sure about share when compared to Outlook A rare, transparent look at industry disruption in action -- Tickets for Restaurants Search, Maps, Mobile, and now Browser: Four huge markets that Google grew from zero share to market leader One of the most valuable legacies you can leave at work is the impact you have on the team. Here's a great example "Employees don't want to be satisfied, they want to be engaged" -- Employee Satisfaction Doesn't Matter via Jim Clif… Introducing LinkedIn's New Search Architecture via Couldn't agree more with #5. Don't try rationalizing your lack of happiness at work away. Listen to it. On Greylock's investments: “When the idea is big enough it's either madness or genius...We try to figure out which" At LinkedIn, power walks are the new meeting. Watch's walk and talk with First time I've been interviewed about the merits of a walking 1:1 while actually on a walking 1:1 via Excited to see our new custom profile feature up and running:  Look forward to seeing great examples from members. A new, more visual way to display your professional identity -- Stand Out With the New LinkedIn Premium Experience Clayton Christensen & Michael Porter square off on whether or not HBS' new online strategy is disruptive enough Had no idea Intuit CEO was a black belt -- How Martial Arts May Shape You as a Leader Simple yet elegant framework leaders can use to begin the dialog on culture & values -- Six Things I Believe Key insight: A hesitation to post/share because members feel their profiles aren't good enough. Some tips to improve Good take on vast difference in tone & content between incumbents and challengers at #Codecon via Avoiding the Unintended Consequences of Casual Feedback Renewal, value, focus and purpose: The four dimensions driving employee engagement -- Why You Hate Work via The World's Bank: How Crowdfunding is Disrupting Old Banking via and "there was lots of humor, it was talk-show humor rather than delight of a founder anticipating a huge new market" Key to understanding current state of U.S. economy: Over last 15 years, hours worked are flat, yet output is up 42% Passion is 1st gear; it will get you going, but hunger is ticket that will take you there via Former "Dirty Jobs" host doing some very important work to promote & support skilled trades We're lending money we don't have to kids who can't pay it back in order to educate them for careers that no longer exist. - Mike Rowe "I hate that word, lucky. It cheapens a lot of hard work." - Peter Dinklage Reed Hastings Won't Use Data to Mess with TV plots, and That's Why Netflix Will Win via Sarah Lacy What do you want to be? Life imitating art: At Code conference, friend says some content reminiscent of "Silicon Valley." Turns out, he's sitting next to producer. Realizing your dream job starts with knowing what you want to accomplish. Softbank's Masayoshi Son on tackling broadband in Japan: We had no technology, no infrastructure. We just had anger. This video, entitled "Picture Yourself," embodies the heart of LinkedIn: Connecting our members to their dream jobs As always, some great insights from Mary Meeker's Internet Trends 2014 presentation via "I'd commit to learning in a continuous & unrelenting way. Start now and never stop" - If I Were 22 via "...the path you end up on is often not the one you intended to follow" -- If I Were 22 via Absolutely brilliant -- The Crazy Genius Behind Solar Roadways via LinkedIn an effective platform for thought leadership content -- Why Your Native Ads Belong on LinkedIn via Brilliant commencement speech from Navy Seal Commander on life lessons he learned in training. Well worth the read. 86% of Influencers are doing something they never imagined when they were 22.  #IfIWere22 .@dharmesh Fwiw, you rank near the top of my connections LinkedIn joins the ranks of the 100 most valuable brands in the world -- Fun new feature with some great additions still to come -- How Does Your LinkedIn Profile Rank? Fascinating study in contrast -- South African Entrepreneur Beats NY Times at its Own Game via Michael Moritz "I never looked 40 years ahead. It was one step at a time, building block upon block" - Richard Branson Recruiting for Good: How LinkedIn See Its Role Effecting Social Change via cc:, Interesting food for thought -- 10 Best Selling Products of All-Time via Valuable perspective on recent change at NY Times -- Dear Jill: From One Pushy Media Dame to Another via In a world where youth based unemployment impacts 70M  people, Japan sets a great example on creating opportunities Just the beginning -- Target's Jeff Jones' LinkedIn Message: Cowboy Move or Brilliant Communications Strategy? Trust equals consistency over time. There's no shortcut for either. How to avoid the problem of adding your 2 cents to every discussion -- Adding Too Much Value via Great way to save everyone time in your next meeting: Rather than ask your question, jump straight to the question behind your question. Simple, yet highly effective way to solicit valuable feedback -- Want Great Feedback? Ask These Four Questions Lots of companies talk about the importance of transparency. Target's CMO is walking the walk -- The Truth Hurts 12 Surprising Facts About Entrepreneurs via The new billboard? -- Instagram Ads are Getting Instant Recall via To all the moms doing the hardest and most important work there is, Happy Mother's Day! Technology and Trust: The Challenge of 21st Century Government via Be proud of your choices, not your gifts - Jeff Bezos (via) Highlights from Berkshire Hathaway's shareholders' meeting - What I Learned From Spending a Weekend w/ Warren Buffet .@khairulaizat11 Haven't met many of the latter who weren't also the former. Great to see this kind of recognition for. One of most inspiring & unique success stories I know First time I've seen the subject of humor addressed in a managerial context. Well said and couldn't agree more. .@sorethumbnyc Everyone's different, but I only accept the invite if we've already met Meant to say career at LinkedIn, but very memorable nonetheless. :) .@ericdrowell Funny you should say that. My first thought after seeing it was "This has killer app potential." Just had great moment testing mobile app in development. Saw feature that had previously been limited to "Imagine if we could..." discussion Trading Media Like Pork Bellies via Congresswoman Anna Eshoo doesn't hold back with her first post on LinkedIn -- The Folly of the Supreme Court This rap video re: growing tension in SF goes from good to great to profound by virtue of artist playing three roles .@Evernote + : Powering Professional Relationships Important read -- Why Every Student Deserves a Chance to Study Computer Science via Troubling trend for American entrepreneurship -- U.S. Businesses Being Destroyed Faster Than They're Being Created Three Musts to Retaining Superstar Talent New Research: 2014 LinkedIn User Trends (And 10 Top Surprises) via Congrats to and cast of Shark Tank on tying their season ratings high last night; outperformed American Idol (in demo) by 20% Sometimes, most effective way to bring a value to market is through the culture of a company vs. a specific product How to Needle the CEO (Without Getting Fired): My Cable Show adventure Congrats Angela! -- Officially Starts Role as Apple's New SVP of Retail Good news & bad news on job report: Unemployment drops to 6.3%, but participation drops to lowest rate since '78 Kudos to WHO on continuing fight against childhood obesity & sugar consumption. FDA making progress but need more Why "I Love It" is Actually Bad Feedback via @coursera Impressive enrollment. Best of luck with everything. This Bill Gates Infographic Reveals The World's Deadliest Animal -- And It's Not Even Close via Wish I had thought of this title -- Stay Classy by Avoiding Ron Burgundy Syndrome via Just Because You Said it, Doesn't Make it So Apprenticeships Help Create Jobs. So Why Are They Disappearing? via Successful founders recognize that starting a company with the potential to be great is not the same as leading it to greatness. Girl gives dad's resume to First Lady; humanizes long-term unemployment in way no statistic ever could via Why Felix Salmon is leaving Reuters and joining Fusion "The stronger the culture, the less corporate process a company needs" - Airbnb's on why culture is key Excellent premiere to LinkedIn's new "Influencer Interviews" hosted by - How Cinnabon's Kat Cole Made It LinkedIn Announces Partner Programs for Sponsored Updates and Content via That's a good one. Any other examples out there?  Honesty Thank you to all of the amazing admins at LinkedIn who make our jobs possible. We couldn't do it without you #AdministrativeProfessionalsDay .@rriley17 One suggestion: Explain why things are trending, e.g., band featured on tv, song debut in a commercial, etc. Used for 1st time in months. Beyond song ID, very impressed by new music discovery features. Kudos to, & team "Better lost than out of gas" -- The Upside of Blowing Up My Career via "What am I in the world if not a soldier?" How Ret. General Stan McChrystal moved forward after 38 yrs in uniform Welcome, Shaq! -- This is the Best LinkedIn Profile via Shaq's LinkedIn profile is just perfection Good news for Detroit (and the U.S.) -- Metro Detroit's tech job growth was nearly 2x national avg in recent yrs Producer: "Think 'The Matrix' but in real-life. Also, swap Scarlett for Keanu, and drug dealers for Agents." Studio: "Sold" Official Tourism Dep't w/ unlimited ad budget couldn't match effectiveness of these amateur videos set to "Happy" Thank you to all of the LinkedIn members that made today's 300M milestone possible. Looking forward to our next play Between 40% and 50% of teachers leave within their first five years -- Deciding Factor: When Good Teachers Leave "Education alone does not create jobs...For that, a fair and functional economy is needed" -- Recovery for Whom? Must read on how we can improve gov't through stronger partnership and understanding of tech via Tim O'Reilly Congrats to our team on the impressive Android app -- Bringing Presentations Into the Mobile Age Exhaustively researched, informative piece on Bay Area stratification & rising real estate tensions via Great ad from American Greetings -- 24 People Who Applied for the World's Toughest Job Changing Our Education System One Programmer At A Time via Wow. Just when it looked like Fallon was going to run away with late night ratings, Colbert takes Letterman's seat Finding My Way Home on LinkedIn. How Sabrina landed a life-changing career opportunity. Global economy may see ~$150B in productivity losses due to talent mismatches; adaptability is part of the solution Student debt has tripled over last ten years, from $363B to over $1.2T. Here's why.  via We shouldn't have this supply/demand imbalance -- US Burns Through All High-Skill Visas For 2015 in Less Than A Week You can't start the next chapter if you keep re-reading the last one via Have read lots of articles listing qualities shared by effective leaders. Thought this one was spot on Rankings shift when measured by social progress vs. GDP -- Revealed: The World's Most & Least Advanced Countries Highly practical advice for an oftentimes overlooked skill -- How Not to Introduce a Speaker via @LinkedIn Congrats Devvon! Look forward to reading about it. 50% of U.S. jobs come from companies with 100 employees or less -- Where Jobs Really Come From via The more power you use, the less you have - Michael Porter Interview with on the fundamental role of search at LinkedIn Dear Employer, you may not realize it, but you impact the culture & moral ecology of our era -- The Employers Creed What's Not On Your LinkedIn Profile? 16 Top Recruiters Respond With's new template, any company can now easily develop & publish their own #CultureCode deck Clever depiction of the inevitable plight of every engineer/web dev/designer that's been asked to do the impossible You know The Walking Dead is a true ratings phenom when its Sunday 10pm talk show is the 2nd highest rated on cable Good list for all ages -- 5 Books Every 20-Something Needs to Read via LinkedIn profiles with images are 11x more likely to be viewed than those without via "Don't ask about things you're not willing to change" - How Do You Help Employees Thrive? Just Ask via Lightning Fast Mobile Development at Scale via One of our best Influencer packages to date -- State of the Industry: 80  Influencers on Where Business is Heading LinkedIn: The Evolution of a Publishing Platform via Excellent piece on an unheralded college basketball coaching star: Florida's Billy Donovan The Shake Shack located at gate B36 in JFK marks a serious step forward in business travel, especially when utilized 10 mins before boarding Cool new use of LinkedIn's APIs -- Introducing's new #InnovationClass: A mentoring program at 35,000 feet Thanks to all for the notes and kind words. Very much appreciated. Fortunate and privileged to work with such an amazing group of people. Jim Kim is Using Extreme Goals to Change the World Bank 315k views. I might be getting the hang of this 'viral analyst presentation' thing Awesome. Capturing the precise moment in time when a physicist learns his lifetime of research has been validated Great piece on's vision to evolve Airbnb into a full-blown hospitality brand Great moment on: & invest $300k in teen's honey biz; tells parents he can pay them back their $150k Independent of venue, it's a must see. Seldom see a movie so  complete, e.g. script, performances, direction, etc. Finally got around to seeing American Hustle. Very deserving of best pic nom. Best film of its kind I've seen since The Usual Suspects .@VeGoCEO Email is an interesting use case. Prefer mobile to read, but desktop to write. Perhaps one reason for rise of messaging .@abraun Or when desktop UX is overlooked and falls too far behind. For some sites, has been interetsting to watch the ebb and flow of each Some mobile products have become so much better than their desktop counterparts that I find myself using phone while sitting at computer To help close skills gap, important to overcome cultural resistance to idea apprenticeships are as valuable as degree EMC had amazing success with VMware spinoff. A 2nd time with Pivotal could change the way big companies innovate Curious about impact of timing on posts. Ran test. Shared same LinkedIn update at 11:30pm & 8:30am. Results: 1st post - 573 likes, 2nd - 580 On the importance of repeating key messages: "History teaches that almost nothing a leader says is heard if spoken only once" - David Gergen In anticipation of the 30th Anniversary TED, here are some thoughts on LinkedIn -- The Democratization of TED President Obama appears on Between Two Ferns in one of his funniest appearances  to date via Linkedin and MentorNet: A Partnership to get More Women in STEM Good proof of concept in comments. Great suggestion for the toy store scenario (advanced bday gift card for next kid in line) Congrats to Jim & team on today's intro. Like the straightforward mission -- to explain the news -- and example article Random Acts of Kindness? There Should be an App for That In honor of International Women's Day, Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon discusses the hurdles equality still faces: htt… Presentation on LinkedIn's results over last 5 years, what we're focused on this year, and our vision for next decade "No matter how rational you try to be, you can't make decision after decision without paying a biological price." "In just 2 wks on LinkedIn, I experienced the career change I was dreaming of" -- How LinkedIn Changed my Career Pat… Weekend Reading: Everything You Need to Know About #Bitcoin via Someone should develop an app that generates ideas for random acts of kindness: User inputs circumstances, app generates ideas. U.S. Economy Adds 175,000 Jobs, Unemployment Ticks Up to 6.7% via "I suddenly have LinkedInitis. I’m there more times per day than willing to admit. Here’s why." via Get insights on the future of jobs & the economy on our new Economic Graph Showcase Page to What would Silicon Valley look like if all overlapping relationships were disentangled? Gamifying the news: Interactive content drawing record traffic -- To Spur Traffic at News Sites, Just Travoltify Don't take it personally. Focus on what's best for the company and your work will be more productive & enjoyable. Short-Term Profit Taking vs. Long Term Value Creation: The Future of Paypal via Congrats ! -- Here's What Business Insider is Going to Do With The Boatload of Money We Just Raised Reflections on Zite being Acquired by Flipboard via Zite CEO Mark Johnson Finding Top Talent in Unlikely Places | LinkedIn - thx for your support of our campaign - and your vote! Finding Top Talent in Unlikely Places The Compassion Gap via You know an electric car is truly great when you find yourself repeatedly mentioning its strengths without ever mentioning it's electric Where the Good and Bad Jobs Will Be, 10 Years From Now via Kids' images of scientists before and after meeting them via Problem with U.S. health care costs summarized in one chart via Good take on why Disney's success with Frozen transcends its all-time record box office Ferrari, Volvo, & Mercedes-Benz unveil iOS in the Car. Curious to see how it compares to Tesla's integrated approach Building a more powerful network: Announcing an all-new People You May Know experience on LinkedIn On preferring errors of enthusiasm to the indifference of wisdom via -- What I Learned from a $40M mistak… Literally laughing out loud -- 11 Rules for Hugging at Work via 80+ Influencers share the advice that changed their lives:  #BestAdvice LinkedIn in China: Connecting the World's Professionals New features launching on Who Viewed Your Profile -- Managing Your Professional Identity on LinkedIn Just Got Easier Caught up on True Detective. Not sure which is more impressive: The narrative & acting or Matthew McConaughey's ongoing career resurgence .@mariosundar Just saw Marc's take likening True Detective to Se7en, No Country & The Wire. I'm in. Jimmy Fallon's Tonight Show is crushing it in the ratings. Will be interesting to see how he does post-Olympics Just catching up to rave reviews for True Detective. For relative measure, how does it compare to Breaking Bad and The Sopranos? On the importance of perspective. Worth a read -- The Farmer's Luck in Silicon Valley One that got away: Whatsnotapp: When Ignoring LinkedIn Messages is a Bad Idea via .@ryros Thanks Ryan. Pretty cool birthday gift. That's saying a lot -- Tesla's Most Disruptive Product May Not Be Its Cars via @eldsjal Happy birthday guys. Om, thanks for the kind words. Best of luck with your next chapter. Great video on what it's like to be an engineer at LinkedIn: "We've just barely scratched the surface" The Art of Persuasion Explained in 59 Seconds via For members interested in joining the LinkedIn publishing platform asap, we've created this request form Extremely well said. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella on building a self-organizing culture around innovation You don't see that everyday -- Bar Fight: Kind Sues Clif via Huge opp still exists in making sense of mobile data & connections - Mobile in the Pre-Pagerank Phase via 5 Myths About Introverts and Extroverts at Work via With New Publishing Tools, LinkedIn Makes Everyone a Blogger via @ezraklein Source? Big day for us: Publishers + Influencers + *everyone* = high quality content (narrow & broad) for all professionals. Excited to announce the expansion of long-form publishing to all LinkedIn members. 3 Myths That Confuse the Debate Over America's Schools via "Two things define you. Your patience when you have nothing, and your attitude when you have everything." - Unknown The Future of Sales: 5 Predictions from LinkedIn's SVP of Sales, Good piece on importance of knowing when & how to speak truth to power - Asiana Airlines: Sorry Captain, You're Wron… Using Addictive Games to Build Better Brains via Priming the Economic Engine: How Social Media is Driving Growth for SMBs Puerto Rico Harnesses LinkedIn to Build Entrepreneurial Hub That Drives Economic Progress .@VirginAmerica Offers New Service to Help You Network Using LinkedIn President of the World Bank asked LinkedIn members how to end poverty. Here are the ideas that inspired him Why I, Conan O'Brien, Turned Down the Microsoft CEO Job .@bradlind Exactly the kind of service I had in mind. Thanks. With rise of individual publishing & content marketing platforms, should be growing demand for custom image marketplaces. Any suggestions? Yellen Says Recovery in Labor Market is far From Complete via UK makes coding mandatory in primary & secondary schools. Hope to see U.S. following soon cc: Congrats ! Beyond School Supplies: How  is Crowdsourcing Real Education Reform  … Five Keys to Happiness For a Restful Night, Make Your Smartphone Sleep on the Couch via The Lego Movie opened with $69M, Warner Bros.' best animation debut ever. The story of how it came to the big screen Great understatements of the 21st century: "I'm hauling ass" - Felix Baumgartner while free falling from space Good playbook for any company that aspires to be a billion dollar business while maintaining their start-up DNA Though payrolls rose less than expected, unemployment fell to 6.6% (best since Oct '08) and participation rate was up Emotional farewell speech from Jay Leno on leaving The Tonight Show after 22 years Hmm is trying to stroke my ego? If so brilliant! cc Excited to welcome Bright to LinkedIn! Great talent and matching technology that's core to our long term-vision Leonardo da Vinci’s Handwritten Resume (1482) Congrats to on running YouTube and to Salar Kamangar on the amazing success of YouTube under his leadership. Some of best advice I've received thanks to Ray Chambers : loving the advice! Above the de… Congrats to & Jim on a big '13 and emerging as one of fastest growing digital media companies Kudos to former WashPo Publisher Don Graham -- Helping Dreamers Afford Higher Education: The Dream.US Congrats to on all of their success to date & for an inspiring campaign in support of small biz The Most Valuable Lesson I've Learned as a CEO Forget the ad meters: #EsuranceSave30 is currently the top trending hashtag in the U.S. Guess there were two winners of tonight's game. Highlight of the game thus far? Cooking steaks in the kitchen while listening to Aloe Blacc's "The Man." Bruno Mars and Beyoncé: Head (hair) and shoulders the best performers in music today. Granted I'm biased, but Seinfeld wins. Love so much that actually found myself rooting for their commercial regardless of quality (turned out it was pretty good). What's the Dos Equis guy doing in the M&M commercial? That old adage about great defense winning Super Bowls? So far so good. Unforeseen second screen dynamic during Super Bowl: So busy reading tweets about commercials I'm missing the commercials. Didn't realize DVR was running behind real-time. Thought for a minute you were even more astute than usual. Seahawks secondary living up to hype. Surprised how badly Broncos being outplayed. Fortunate to only be down by 8. You know is on to something when you sit down to write on a rainy day and look forward to the playlist the app will suggest. One of most easily overlooked sources of productivity: Sleep -- Get Some Sleep and Wake Up the GDP via How spending on Super Bowl ads has grown over time via Amazing statistical analysis of Seahawks & Broncos (think meets Moneyball). If vital signs monitoring is real, Apple's iWatch is beyond a killer app; it's a prevent-a-killer app The #1 Feature of a Meaningless Job via Burberry CEO on the keys to keeping pace with tech enabled, rapidly changing consumer behavior LinkedIn is proud to have joined the pledge to reduce long-term unemployment; look forward to doing even more to hel… Interesting analysis -- Did Google Really Lose on Its Original Motorola Deal via Seeing Who You Know and How You Know Them Just Got Easier on LinkedIn Even Aliens have to schedule buffer time during the workday to help gather their thoughts via Congrats to, LinkedIn's head of Social Impact, for making the inaugural 100 Bloomberg's on her interview with Tom Perkins -- The Fallen King of Silicon Valley Speed is the name of the game. My latest post on empowering teams to move fast  #innovation… Congrats to on feature and continued success connecting Fortune 500 with underprivileged youth .@Netflix Originals has done it again with release of documentary "Mitt." Best campaign film I've seen since "The War Room." Impressed enough by iTunes' growing catalog of current film releases that just installed AppleTV for first time. Formidable combination. Most people do not listen with the intent to understand; they listen with the intent to reply. - Stephen Covey eBay CEO responds directly to's call for EBay to split up: PayPal + eBay Best Together From Asana to Zappos (and the Netflix preso that started it all), great SlideShare gallery on company cultures Brilliant -- A Conference Call in Real Life  via "The world of #business really separates the two groups: attackers and defenders" -  … @davidsze Adam, congrats on the big news and all of Wealthfront's continued success! As Peyton talks of nearing end of career, surprised there isn't more conjecture re: his next play. Could be great coach, GM, or broadcaster. Hard not to get psyched listening to's "The Man" (featured in Beats commercial w/Kap). Impressive follow to "Wake Me Up." Most stories covering growth of sharing economy focus on $ and tech. It's people like this that are making it happen… Retailers got only about half the holiday traffic in 2013 as they did just three years earlier via That's a new one  Have you seen this graphic?  via Customer feedback as product roadmap. Well said -- My Letter to Starbucks Mobile The LinkedIn Volunteer Marketplace: Connecting Professionals to Nonprofit Volunteer Opportunities The 100 Apple Employees Google Just Acquired by Buying Nest via NYC Mayor Bill De Blasio forgets his audience and eats pizza with knife & fork. Prompts hilarious Jon Stewart rant Don't enter into a karaoke contest with Robert Downey Jr. He'll win. Megan Ellison is off to an impressive start as a producer -- Globes Propel Larry Ellison's Daughter to Hollywood Fam… New Influencer on how he and his team helped save Ebay during their major scalability issues 15 yrs ago Excited to welcome to LinkedIn as our new VP of Public Policy. Manning vs. Brady and Niners vs. Seahawks -- somewhere Roger Goodell and the TV networks are smiling. @beatsmusic Great to hear. Thanks for the info. Congrats to, and Niners on reaching NFC championship three yrs running. Great team being built, both on & off the field. Impressive Niners win over solid Panthers team. Looking forward to game with Seahawks in what is fast becoming one of best NFL rivalries. Despite already crowded field, expecting big things from with at helm. Anyone know if it will be compatible? Genius.  Dearest Abigail,
The fighting in Foxborough has been most violent. Agreed, but equally fearless. Luck reminds me more and more of Favre: Gunslinger with great arm strength and touch who when he's good is great but prone to INTs. Nice off-speed run by Lynch. These Seahawks have all the pieces in place to go all the way. Looking forward to remaining playoff match ups. This Seahawk's secondary is intense. One of best I've seen this season. Big reason their defense is among best in the league. Potential solution to Kindle vs. analog book gift giving question: If recipient of analog book, could have option to read via Kindle as well Troubling trend: Despite declining U.S. unemployment rate, labor force participation is at lowest point since '77. Surprised more people don't give Kindle books vs. analog books as gifts. Amazon should be able to help identify recipient's preference. .@TripAdvisor should add "Reality Ratio." Divides your post-visit rating by web site rating to give sense of how accurate expectations were Good read on benefits of integrated vs. modular product development using Boeing 787 as case study via Kiran Prasad If you need a machine and don't buy it, then you will ultimately find that you have paid for it, but don't have it - Henry Ford Unemployed in Europe Stymied by Lack of Technology Skills via That game-winning field goal went *through the arms* of this Packers player. Can't get any closer. Congrats to Niners on great win. Packers played well w/ Rodgers impressive as always, but Niners just have too many weapons. His best comeback to date (among many). Scary to think what he's capable of if can play 1st half with same sense of urgency. Andrew Luck literally willed the Colts to win that game. Reminded me of Favre in his prime, but more mobile. Just relentless. Yahoo mobile efforts continue to impress. Latest update to Yahoo Sports took a good app and made it great. Step in the right direction -- U.S. Weighs Tech Fixes After Health-Site Woes Reid Hoffman on Bubbles, VC Turmoil, Diversity Issues in Tech and More via I wish there were more women tech entrepreneurs and founders. So in 2014, I'm going to be one :D Every coach should be so fortunate to experience this once in their career: Jets celebrate news of Rex Ryan's return Along with education & immigration reform, investing in digital infrastructure is key to closing skills gap in U.S. Chicago Public Schools adds Computer Science as a core subject. Hopefully this trend catches on Amazon's delays with FedEx & UPS present stark contrast to downloading Kindle app, synching 3 books & buying a 4th in <5 mins...on a runway Pharrell's 24 hr music video for "Happy" is brilliant. Elevates the genre while putting a smile on your face Line-up for new season of's Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee is ridiculous: Fey, Stern, Leno, Louis C… LinkedIn Employees championed their favorite non-profits and causes. Here are this year's grant winners .@adamnash Raises key question: Does a liberal mindset lead to unhappiness or are unhappy people more likely to take on liberal causes? 25 Hottest LinkedIn Member Skill Sets and How to Hire for Them Research produces a formula for happiness: 48% genes, 40% one-time events, 12% values (family, faith, friends & work… Chalk this one up in part to the Netflix Effect -- Weinsteins in Deal to Reunite With Miramax These two books contain the sum total of all human knowledge Sound of Music's recent success underscores value of live vs pre-taped in real-time social media world via LinkedIn's Got Talent: Two LinkedIn Employees Take on the Music Industry Big news in fight against Malaria: Child deaths from Malaria now halved, saving 3.3M lives since '00 via .@fortenbaughp boy & girls club changed my life In a world increasingly driven by data & computing, certain mental models will thrive -- Thinking for the Future This is worth a read -- David Simon (creator of The Wire): "There are now two Americas. My country is a horror show.… Lol. Conan demonstrates the importance of continuing ed while getting schooled in the art of tv commercial acting In 5-yrs, there will be 2.4M U.S. STEM jobs, yet ~90% of HS grads lack interest -- Who Says Math Has to be Boring? A statistical approach to U.S. Educational Reform: Meet Bruce Baker, the Nate Silver of Education via Had a great time at this year's LinkedIn holiday party at the new Exploratorium in San Francisco. Thanks to all who helped make it possible Auburn rushes for 494 yards through 3 qtrs. Either one of best big game rushing performances, worst rush defense performances or some combo Auburn has rushed for 451 yards against Missouri....through three quarters. Kudos to our team on new & improved home page redesign. Easier than ever to discover, share & present: Good recap of best LinkedIn Influencer posts of 2013: The Stories That Mattered Most to Professionals This Year Good insights into the famed "Process" of Nick Saban and how they might be applied after extraordinary loss to Aubur… UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon: What Nelson Mandela Showed is Possible Within Each of Us UK Prime Minister to offer Exceptional Talent visa route, faster bandwidth to tech companies via U.S. Economy Adds 203,000 Jobs as Unemployment Falls to 5-Year Low Check out where & I are now on Board of Advisors. Here's how it all started Skift founder on opportunity for new kind of site seamlessly fusing media and data: The Mediata Startup Forget the Selfie. Let's Make 2013 the Year of the Unselfie via Last year, LinkedIn launched our 1st office in the Middle East. Last week, we reached 10M members in the region A model for closing the skills gap that works: Where Apprenticeship is Latest Model from Germany Awesome call.  I'll never tire of listening to this! Could not be more proud of the Tigers!  … Auburn Alabama exceeding the hype To our members, thank you for making LinkedIn what it is today. Wishing you and your families a wonderful Thanksgiving. New wifi config took down. On phone for 1hr  last night to fix in time for T-giving. As good as customer service gets. Bill Gates: What I Really Want For Christmas Burberry CEO, and soon to be head of Apple Retail, Angela Ahrendts on why a successful transition is a great legacy Still early, and Baylor is too talented to be counted out, but Okla St is putting on an impressive display on both sides of the ball. Kudos to and team for Yahoo's continuous improvements to signature mobile apps, e.g. Home Page (Yahoo), Sports, Finance & Weather Good to see some healthy competition among airline wi-fi providers. $1.2 trillion U.S. student loan debt headed for crisis. Regulation may help, but need innovation more than ever Sono is like a Nest device for noise cancellation. Only in prototype stage but if this delivers it's a game changer Brand as publisher: The corporate web site is dead. Long live the corporate website via Good interview with Bill Clinton. Covers his influences, advice on Obamacare, & importance of immigrants on economy NFL Analyst calls Duke upset over Miami. More impressively, predicts USC over Stanford...by exact score Gains in unemployment rate masking the plight of the long-term unemployed -- Caught in Unemployment's Revolving Door This one handed grab by UCF to tie game late in the 4th is one of best TD catches you'll see this year Recipe for a viral ad: Combine 1 Jean-Claude Van Damme, 2 Volvo trucks driving in reverse, and split Youth unemployment still north of 50% in S. Europe -- Young and Educated in Europe, but Desperate for Jobs This is awesome. San Francisco rallies to make the dream of a 5 yr old Leukemia patient come true. #SFBatKid .@ConanOBrien vs. You decide. Conan O'Brien's quest for LinkedIn domination continues... Former WSJ writer and start-up founder on why journalists are increasingly becoming entrepreneurs Excited to announce LinkedIn's direct to profile certification program with premier online education companies LinkedIn and Pulse Integration: Professional News Tailored to You  via On leadership: "No one cares how much you know until they first know how much you care about them." via Good data on key trends in mobile, social, platform, video, ads, etc. via -- The Future of Digital 2013 