"Before I had a baby, I disliked them intensely." My second novel ARMADA will be published on July 14th, 2015! It's now available for pre-order: "We must raise our young to be human people with manners and dignity." Hey remember when United made up a whole new flight route for one person? Google's new artificial-intelligence system can beat video games without any instructions thanks for ruining my day with your song Here's a tribute from to CPAC Planet 1%. Ferraris are growing faster than Fords Blowing up right now on: How an Undocumented Immigrant From Mexico Became a Star at Goldman Sachs what's it like inside an Apple commercial  Here's our story on the man behind the AWESOME graphics on the Oscars last night! This is kinda nuts. Much of the performance of the hedge fund industry just comes down to owning Apple. Are we talking about the lovely Oscars typography and motion graphics yet? YO GOLDEN GLOBES LET'S DO THIS Caught This is extremely worrying Ice surrounds New York City on a cold day. Record low of 2° F set for this date 
via #nyc #NewYork Brutal NOTE you don't have to be in NYC for the role but it helps ATTENTION: we are looking for a weekend editor. Email me or apply here.  BE AWESOME AND SMART. Chinese coffins are going to kill the competition Imagine if the beat from "Pony" turned out to be slowed-down Scooby Doo grunts. why is this happening Meet the man who has more Oscars than anyone else on the planet Really bummed I missed this 2.5 men finale Asshole ripped new asshole: Hey guys Giuliani doesn't sound at all racist or xenophobic about Obama here. Just letting you know. I must say newsletters are truly amazing EXCLUSIVE: Apple wants to start producing cars by 2020 Whoa huge scoop. SOURCES: Apple wants to start car production in 2020. Everyone. EVERYONE. We're looking for a killer weekend editor for. Email me. 3 to 5 cups of coffee a day could help reduce risk of heart disease and diabetes I just want to say I AM NAILING THIS but I'm not copying you iPhone 6 Hey it turns out Obamacare WASN'T BAD FOR BUSINESS in the US Important and heartbreaking reporting / video on kids who have been sentenced to life in prison Ello needs a like button @NYTmag whoa serifs SLOW DOWN I don't know what ello is supposed to offer to me Great catalogue of hideous new architecture don't ever taste a steak that costs $100,000 because then a $5,000 steak will taste like feces also wrong because cheap wine is still really good to drink even if you know what expensive wine tastes like this closing paragraph is not cool Shoutout to social media We finally know why pot causes the munchies. I'm so lonely Hello? Here's how you build an Oscar winner from scratch. This is so cool. SORRY also I will be following new people! Looking forward to a BIG weekend of unfollowing 600+ Covers of Philip K. Dick Novels from Around the World: Greece, Japan, Poland & Beyond  via BREAKING  Rolls-Royce is making an SUV. But don't call it an SUV. Robocop I have a Video Toaster if you need it Show-winning dog semen sells for $2,000, and that's a bargain Answering your burning questions: why are there so many Sleepy's mattress stores? yes I have seen it, it’s nuts  hozier I’m listening to that record we made and it’s really good Seeing some Kelvin apologists come out of the woodwork. Don't fool yourself! Kelvin is Celsius in sheep's clothing. This is so off the chain good it's insane what is involved in that? do you have to rewire? Real talk: is a good replacement for a traditional thermostat? Better than Nest? Why? (lots of people rec'ing) nest support had me rewire the unit at 1am! um what don't you understand about this Seriously doubting my four Nest house situation this morning. I literally have never had a thermostat just fail on me. Whoa Nest 24/7 support just actually helped me fix my problem! People who are asking about my Nest issue. Was working fine earlier tonight. Power seems fine. Wires seated as directed. Hey Nest-ers — anyone know how to fix an e22 error? Having some severe cold weather and bad time to lose power to thermostat Uhhhh  Unaired promo for #thelastmanonearth — Hope Fox doesn’t get mad! #tbt to my bro's wedding I miss Ice cream with skin. ICE CREAM WITH SKIN. you had me at ted cruz sounds stupid when he talks Talking Android, Xiaomi and its new U.S. strategy on with:  via Wow sounds stupid when he talks about net neutrality Beginning of the end  The FDA just approved Apples that don’t turn brown Why do we keep making buildings without a 13th floor? SNL's best fake ads, as chosen by actual ad execs. HIGHLY controversial list. Japan has more EV chargers than gas stations Why your coworkers hate you Awesome work from our graphics team. Hot dogs vs. hotter dogs. David and I did a Sweet Spot once about Twitter as a place for collective grieving. He would appreciate what's happening here … David Carr was a mountain of a man in toothpick profile. Weird, profane, genius. Smarter than everyone in every room. This is shit. agree Ruth Bader Ginsburg thinks the 'Notorious RBG' Tumblr is pretty darn funny I don't understand reality anymore Only God can judge me. And this judge in my parole hearing. But then that’s it. Just those two. For what it costs to park a car in NYC for a year, you can buy a house in Chicago Ruth Bader Ginsburg thinks America is ready for gay marriage. Do you agree? Absolutely killer feature from on the dark side of interrogation. And gorgeous design! 5 facts about housing that will make people in NYC and SF depressed. Is it possible that Elon Musk says too many speculative things? One of the biggest drug companies in the world is working on an anti-aging pill It’s surprising how often things burn down given how disinterested these logs seem in catching fire @evanrodgers Evan get over here Starting a fire is very hard and requires a lot of work @verge congrats! Very deserved! 👀 Here's a list of all of the expensive things in fifty shades of grey, including the sexy stuff When big car makers get in the game, Tesla could be in serious trouble according to this chart it is A sad turn of events for this little league team GOOG on the attack mike cc Dominique Strauss-Kahn seems like a cool dude Is Apple going to be the company to make solar really happen? This is big that’s a good deal what about Amazon? okay Chris I'm going to do this. What is the best way to watch this series. Should I buy every movie? Are they on Netflix? Help me. Fast and Furious 6 is on. Pretty good movie. can you check it out and tell me if it's worth buying is that game good Was Jon Stewart's news a direct strike at BuzzFeed's Obama interview? @business link? nick C’mon Jon Stewart think pieces don’t make me wait 15 minutes no it’s on purpose What is going on!?!?!  This is beautiful and brutal. Kayla Mueller's letter to her family. Read Obama's full statement on the death of Kayla Mueller Well this is in poor taste Do you think warning people off of journalism is a job security move 2015 Q1 mission: inbox zero (but I actually read the mail) Facebook has no track record in consumer electronics, no infrastructure Consumer VR needs to happen soon. At present Sony looks like the only company that can actually pull it off. i cant stop laughing/crying at prince's supreme realness may we all learn from his example There are now more than 5 million job openings in America. 38% of job cuts announced in January came from the energy industry Of course nobody saw the Osama killing as a media story; on how it was There's an organic milk shortage! Fantastic advice from on a career in journalism didn’t invent this? To keep his master bedroom private, Mark Zuckerberg did a weird handshake deal The biggest U.S. study on exercise just ran out of money @fmanjoo please let this happen Watch/read our huge Obama interview. Unmatched depth on the key issues of his presidency and our times. So good it’s absurd  Me and Barack Obama talking foreign policy: Guys I’m sorry but even Beck knows Morning Phase isn’t that good of a record Beyhive about to make ISIS look wild soft Lincoln ads have become self aware Jeff Lynn’s LOL @TheStalwart I think we’re watching the senior Grammys CSI: Megabyte Madonna crushed it LL cool j into ACDC? I like your fresh new style Grammys customer service? You called me once, did not get an answer, then sent me an email saying you were closing the ticket. First fire oh wait I love the bright red line that just appeared on my brand new Samsung TV and won’t go away. Zelda's birthday cake RLRT "So do you eat any of your own meat?" Ugh. Everything you need to know about measles. Welcome to SubTropolis: The Massive Business Complex Buried Under Kansas City Three quick follows on the jobs report: Dude chill out  Dollar spikes after strong jobs report  This is INSANE. Anthem / social security hack is looking like it came from a Chinese, state-sponsored group Good morning Here's how to get anti-vaxxers to change their views on vaccines New cover: Inside RadioShack’s slow-motion collapse too many cooks @BWilliams he’s never tweeted. It’s a pretty well known fact. @business lol More Scene from the launch party FCC statement today is huge — making noise works everyone! FREE DELIVERY Ugh FREE DELIVERY would have been the perfect caption for that picture!!!!!!! Pretty weird mix @VP counter culture SF Chimney Building  #eBoy #Pixelart #SanFrancisco #Poster #Kickstarter Buying a pack of condoms in Venezuela now costs $755 Video: Watch the House say no no no no no no no no no no no Obamacare,more than 50 times in the past four years Wow. In 2012, Christie's Camp Told Romney He Needed ‘Private Jets’ and ‘Lavish Spreads’ Staple Depot Fantastic reporting from. What it's like to be a black cop in America. Whoa. This is a huge scoop from. Google is developing an Uber competitor. Wow. Inside RadioShack's Slow-Motion Collapse  Just found a note I wrote to myself after waking in 2007. Dream: bittorrent for real things The 5 things you need to know about Obama's ambitious, unpassable $4 trillion budget "[McDonald's] really wanted us to do drive-throughs." WHAT COULD HAVE BEEN Interactive map is SO tight in this #somanyburritos INCREDIBLE must read. The definitive oral history of Chipotle (yes, they dish on McDonald's) Superbowl players ask "what were they thinking?" re: Hawks Pimpin' ain't easy Maybe I will get really into football Congratulations Seattle from  #biggame yes Again I know nothing about football but… 1: why the hell didn’t Seattle run the ball and 2: that was amazing football America is back This is like the fifth element but real Am I tripping I know almost nothing about football, but my heart says the Patriots are the worst #neverforget 7 reasons oil is fighting a losing battle against solar and renewables oh yes Tom Brady’s $2.6 Million Super Bowl Pay Cut (aka) is now fully #Node! Sr. Node devs wanted. Find me on GH, work in NYC, define the futu… @luxury not seeing bug here - what version? What platform? The Chinese 'Sex and the City' is really intense Love what the team is doing with our new photo essay layout: Paris street style BREAKING: Mitt Romney releases statement, won't run in 2016 ROMNEY IS OUT $SHAK ATTACK
Shake Shack more than doubles after IPO @adrjeffries agree OMG lol I think we made the right choice Must read on why Romney thinks he has a real shot at winning this time around oh my god @MarkHalperin lol This is insane  Police say Suge Knight followed the victims in his truck before running them over @jsandberg just give it a chance it could happen Guys you should follow so I can force him to tweet more. He's very funny. Light reading DAMN-AZON we’re working on that Wow  BREAKING: Pilots disabled critical computers moments before AirAsia crash did it play the nacho video at all? I talked about the new Bloomberg with! This week's cover stars an eagle on a motorcycle with a bandana and another eagle. Here's more about what we just made @HeerJeet wow big money going into business insider, mashable, and gawker these past few days. investors and lenders believe in new media, tu… You think you know, but you have no idea let’s definitely give these guys a monopoly Here's why the world's biggest fast food chain has been so slow to change Islamists in Nigeria have declared a caliphate the size of Belgium @guardian 100+ designers!?!? A Statement from Tom Petty: Not to nitpick but gathering around a fire seems like a really bad idea for snowmen This is why your feet are wet Everyone in the world is playing this game except the Chinese Kim Jong Un / Putin buddy movie please As would say: for all the press release lovers in the house! cc: Growing weed, big time The truth about safety ratings that sell football helmets. If you have a kid playing ball, you NEED to read this. It wasn’t all a dream Here's an incredible feature from Here's my post on the thing  Also see  It. Is. Gold. New features SO many people worked on this. LOOK AT IT. BLOOMBERG BUSINESS IS LIVE @brianstelter correct - site is VERY responsive SOMETHING IS HAPPENING Tonight is going to be very interesting NYC Mayor defends aggressive storm preparations: “Would you rather be...unsafe?” it's in a garage, waiting for the sun Poor Sam Smith Best drive to work ever For the record I prefer the “international cut” with yes, narration wrong the vo rules It’s insane how perfect Blade Runner is New bathroom #nofilter @Tyrangiel 6th floor is stocked with sour patch kids fyi @benandjerrys I think you’re misusing that term Midtown Manhattan as of 10 minutes ago hey what’s your policy on 30 inches of snow Manhattan rn Guys that photo is from the day after tomorrow sheesh Midtown Manhattan as of 9pm tonight Very grim statement from DiBlasio Like, how is this even possible  @jasperpope is Chris Brown the father? @jasperpope congratulations on your new car For sheer readability, THEM is unsurpassed @pareene this is why the terrorists hate us  I have 7 of a 7.1 system wired and it is sick been there I really, really enjoying stripping wires I’m ready what r your thoughts on you have really high engagement Mandy was stepping out Music is amazing heaven all smell like upchuck @jbarro well what could replace Amazon now? It took this long to replace Sears, and it's not dead! @jbarro read a copy of the whole earth catalog — it's like proto-amazon @jbarro how absurd do catalogs seem in general now? This all night Sometimes I visit Amazon just to feel safe I just had similar experience. I think stocking up on booze is really important and we need to reprioritize things. no I will not be doing that Here's me on NBC nightly news talking about Skymall QOTSA on so good start Highly interested in raging right now Hi here's 80 cans of beer to celebrate 80 years of beer cans. Here is a list of things Skymall will soon no longer be able to sell you, including an $85,000 shark boat Does anyone know where I can get a switch plate like this? Meet the spies who measure airline seat dimensions and leg room and share the data online. Loving the sexy new cover Me rn New corner Here’s an all-emoji review of Noma’s Tokyo pop-up: Oh hell yes think they had a hololens hidden away when we visited 3 years ago? Given the success and performance of the Kinect, and knowing the kind of r&d talent at MSFT, the Hololens is a big deal. Sleeping giant. WHAT RT Attn! Everyone should follow which is the new home for all of our breaking news and analysis on, well, markets Bloomberg Pursuits has a glorious, luxurious new twitter name... @business we're pushing it back a few days to tweak... I am a LITTLE bit of a perfectionist! Really excited about the launch — we're taking a few extra days to fine tune, CANNOT wait to share it with you guys Control I mean… it’s like 80/80 First new house buddy so I could connect my coax in the bedroom to this, then reconnect TV, and add a router via Ethernet? or am I confused? are you at a best buy right now? I should say I'm not looking for a router, I'm looking for some plug-in extenders Best wifi extender/s for a large, long house? C’mon hive mind: I know you know. I have fios now and everything is amazing see what we launch next week I think you will be surprised Hail Satan @jennydeluxe choire your bot is awful @Choire “I hate selfies,” Lagerfeld said. “Don’t use your film for ugly purpose.” @jennydeluxe agree .@joshuatopolsky shows Jimmy the latest tech gadgets, like the new Walkman! Two great things are happening very soon. Next week we launch the new Bloomberg. Shortly thereafter: email me? joshuatopolsky at gmail we’re going to tell you conclusively who the killer is  Jimmy attempts to defeat's robot arm in a game of beer pong! #FallonTonight There's more! Hot info! Stay tuned people! Coming up next!! Be sure to stick around after the commercial too! @laura_june Hope you like epic buildups This really says it all Almost showtime!,, and will be here, plus brand new Thank You Notes! #fallon… r u mocking me Does Crosby have manorexia Just a taste of things to come Make sure you watch if you're interested in gadgets, robots, the future of news, and the future of me podcasting Huge scoop from. Elon Musk is going to build space Internet. Seriously. brief and shocking great seeing you on the elevator today An amazing time with as usual. Also I hope one of those selfies turned out! okay yeah I know it's a nightmare DELETE No wait It's 4:20 GUYS r u okay Rehearsals We were promised space-lasers: the biggest lies from past State of the Union speeches Bloomberg is coming next week. Here's why I'm excited. Can we just talk about how awesome this is?  (Bloomberg Graphics CRUSHING / KILLING) Tonight: & are here! Plus brings #CES's coolest gadgets & #ThankYouNightFriday… It's official: 2014 was the hottest year on record @SamThonis lol TONIGHT:,, and! Plus all new Thank You Notes! #FallonTonight if they make the show yes it’s cool tho cuz they have Instagram in heaven I guess Man in the high castle Amazon pilot is pretty damn good Exciting news! I'm going 2 be on show w/ tomorrow night @ 11:35/10:35c .Can't wait! RT :) … @chillmage but nice new desk lamps @AntDeRosa but what if you merged wired and the verge The one where explains something very complex and makes it highly interesting THIS IS SO AWESOME. Scientific proof that the US is addicted to trucks. I don’t think so I am on the Tonight Show tomorrow. And it’s going to be sick as hell. ready to embrace you anytime anywhere Fantastic photos and writing on this piece about our nightmare maternity leave in the US @TheStalwart you’ll see what I’ve been up to really soon. Also I did a post today! Also on the tonight show Friday! My take on why Samsung wants to buy BlackBerry Samsung looking to acquire BlackBerry. BIG boost to their security profile. This is crazy. Seriously. Solid midtown typography no Nice scoop from — is about to IPO Methinks Big Sean doth protest too much Want to sell wearables to women? First, make them feel bad about themselves So Werner Herzog is guesting on Parks & Rec which is totally bananas I’m going to say general style of shoe is cool, but these don’t make the grade imo YES email me joshuatopolsky @ gmail Here's what you need to know about the Silk Road trial... and Silk Road Reloaded (whoa) I think you were like "definitely lock it in, there's no way oil will ever go lower" I forgive you I blame you entirely Should NOT have locked in that heating oil price! More on the CENTCOM hack. This is pretty crazy. NOT GOOD  BREAKING: Twitter account compromised Congrats to & Transparent tonight. No show deserved it more. Matt Bomer is a human Ken doll on the weekends? Because I hang with my family! Verge Video. The best on the planet. Still. One of the many amazing things I found today Hey guys I'm in the market for a new TV. Is this a good brand? @sansserifgrafik I have an entire set. Very limited run due to the movie being insane and not for kids and also a bomb. Prepare to lose your mind I like remotes Found while packing found while packing America, where we're too lazy to do our own torturing Go on... THANK GOD I don't approve of that hi Here's what Elvis might've looked like had he lived to see his 80th birthday today. Happy birthday your cake is delicious BREAKING: #CharlieHebdo terror suspects killed in police raid, hostage freed, reports Been there. The man will not budge. Boom same Six-song country mash up no myrrh or snakes in there? your wish may soon come true I don’t know why anyone ever blows their nose. The world stinks. next week bro Hey guys @dangillmor this is surreal Paris, City of  Light #CharlieHebdo that’s a start! webOS + Android? yeah but this much more my speed- hey maybe make some webOS phones? I’ll help design @backlon is that true? 2014 models count? Also that’s insane man I think that piece is really wrongheaded on several levels yes I saw it too! webOS lives + this rules + can I use it with my car please say yes worth at least a look Spotted on Empire 72 covers of tomorrow's newspapers #CharlieHebdo Okay whoa Empire is not good Who’s watching Empire raise your hand These Charlie Hebdo covers are amazing, shocking, funny, brazen. Everything they should be. Depuis 10 ans que j'habite à République, je n'ai jamais vu une manif spontanée aussi nombreuse. #CharlieHebdo How French Weekly Charlie Hebdo Became a Terrorist Target Paris is on the highest terrorist alert after 12 people were shot dead at the offices of a satirical weekly magazine. This piece on fleek is on fleek I must say Coolest CES announcement yet @NateIngraham all that I see  It is the Oneplus One! Thanks guys. Unrelated: I creepshotted this phone. What is it!? This is one of the worst CESs in recent history @MattZeitlin I just said this today! All the CES news that matters. None of the fluff. Several curved things. just waiting for them to cancel my order after asking the rep who called Yes, advertising one TV and then calling and saying "oh that's the wrong model, but we have the one you want for cheap!" Correction, I have not purchased a 4K tv yet, because Abe's of Maine is running a bait and switch operation In house advertising for the launch! @hdtvpodcast with up scaling? Or just in general? done! @hdtvpodcast oh no what!? You mean people who write things for a living do it better than people who don’t? you’re not wrong I have also owned a 3D tv for several years and never used its 3D function, so I expect my 4k investment will be similar Oh I bought a 4k TV guys The problem that forced #SpaceX to abort the historic launch of its reusable rocket  #falcon9 cc Hey Sony made an iPod. Congrats Sony. Here's what's actually happening at CES this year... which is not a lot so far @jyarow Chromebook is a really strong choice for average user IMO @hblodget every few weeks I try to switch to full time Chromebook or surface and it’s… not even close @jyarow use a PC for a day and get back to me on this sentiment Classic CES Happy Fork 2 That's pretty low key for Samsung This is really beautiful and smart and you should read it. No Way Is Matt Power Gone Some really great content out there this morning @Mobute how can I be a part of this trip to Stars Hollow with you hey I’m still alive The Evil Within is a truly terrible game Where the hell did the Selfie Stick come from, and why is it so popular? hey you're still alive congrats This is good because I need to know *exactly* how physically large a book is before I even consider buying it This is very good and sad and beautiful and I recommend reading it Photo: That Gotye song is still pretty good What's it called when you open an app and it's loading and you panic and think please don't say there's an update available Photo: Fire. White Castle veggie burgers. WHITE CASTLE VEGGIE BURGERS. If you're wondering why Mario Cuomo mattered, watch this incredible speech at the Democratic convention in 84 Turn Down For Whom I am glad that people are answering that question in earnest Do you think there will be any new TVs at CES this year? Battle scars This time it’s personal Say goodbye to 2014 I said no ketchup Six New Year's Resolutions You Could Actually Keep Yeah, but, you are aware that there's an invention called television, and on this invention they show shows, right? ATTN @TheStalwart can we really trust someone who follows 249k people? @MattZeitlin Pitbull #1 Bloomberg superfan @samfbiddle HEY ah it looks like they're not showing on mobile — our new site design will fix that I see them on every picture @jyarow that sounds terrible - how do I opt out Wow. Bloomberg photographers snapped some amazing pictures in 2014 Start cringing  Politicians’ top 10 social-media flubs of the year - 2014 no Well wrote something about our house that made me cry a little when I first read it Who is Alexey Navalny? Russians are organizing against Putin using FireChat How discreet  BP used a secret chat room called “the cartel” for insider tips This reeks of desperation Because I Got High is actually an anti-weed song rdio "Well... does he like butter tarts?" Remember how fucking crazy Siri used to be? 4.4 million people are about to get a raise. Are you one of them?  Is CES becoming an auto show? I want a yellow iPad Why do air disasters keep happening in Southeast Asia? This fact is troubling. farhad in DC the shake shake is in an old Fuddruckers, so it's half way there. Just think, someday Shake Shack will look like Fudruckers to you I can think of many situations Free idea: a mute button for Instagram Sony stock has delivered a 1-year return that’s on par with Apple Oh god  This profile of a viral content repackager is very good, and highly depressing. @chartier working here too - what are you seeing? Remember when the NSA released that report on Christmas eve admitting how they violated US law? how am I supposed to complain / talk about football / crack hilarious internet jokes? I think more than that hey twitter is broken right now right? RLRT “ugh this song is so good” in reference to Nickelback’s ‘How You Remind Me’ @katienotopoulos no katie was right yeah these colors don't run a russian villain and an american hero with a bad beard watching WWE and thinking of you Zelda loves to chat @laura_june oh yeah and look at how bad that camera was Airlines Want to Make You Suffer by  THIS  Hi Joshua… BUY NOW!:  .Thank you Me rn @waltmossberg it’ll be a huge hit just like this was  oh wait… Mission today: memorize all of Pitbull’s raps from Timber I liked The Interview more than The Hangover. Both were stupid. Merry Xmas. better Interview pretty good so far Laura just reminded me of Pitchfork's Jet review WHAT! But also seriously I do have that filter PEACE JK I think Jesus is awesome but seriously MERRY XMAS I have a twitter filter set to cancel out any non-XMAS greetings so get out my face with that Jesus stuff Merry Xmas everyone Oh god NK gonna get us  BREAKING: Sony's 'The Interview' will be available today on YouTube Can't be a good sign  Move over, New York. Florida is now the third most populous state you're joking right? Pretty long wait The U.S. Supreme Court will say as early as Jan. 9 whether it will decide the same-sex marriage issue owned what's your jailbreak of choice? Asking for a friend America guys!  BREAKING: U.S. economy grew 5% in third quarter, most in a decade, revised figures show all day! Anyone know how to hide note titles in Evernote? North Korean internet goes dark... do  we really think this is the work of the US? At least he died doing what he loved Dov Charney is broke and living at a friend's apartment in LES and also wants to BUY BACK AMERICAN APPAREL Welcome to the team!  I have been press released Australia this week too??? It’s so good that I’m scared of watching The Rover because it might destroy the sanctity of the trailer I’ve watched the trailer for The Rover maybe a dozen times. It is probably the best trailer of 2014. When Aaron Sorkin sees a webpage he has the exact same reaction as Dracula facing a cross Sorkin was like, I just want to be sure that everyone sees how wildly out of touch with reality I am before this thing ends Wow newsroom rape episode. Just wow. yes, early next year Hey what's up guys what no way I'm not on drugs! well that escalated quickly I don’t work there anymore! thx 4 update Jews, in case you were wondering: no, you can’t buy menorah candles in Greenpoint. Big shocker. that would be an upgrade in several ways for sure yes, in the new year! Stay tuned! Hey humans probably not a ghost tho since they don't exist Guys - we went hands-on with the new Blackberry Classic and it is awesome @jyarow fish stories do insane traffic Watching the Newsroom isn’t like watching a car crash. It’s like being the car. it’s happening! @JoshConstine boo There's an opera about tax inversion So we have a network of North Korean sleeper cells in America? @laura_june I got 22 What if James Franco is the hacker @TheStalwart UGH SO GOOD New office flair stolen from Is there an explanation out there of HOW exactly North Korea was going to carry out these attacks they're threatening? The lesson here is: terrorism works. This is unbelievably cowardly. I would definitely watch that tonight So just to be clear, if North Korea actually did try and stop The Interview from being seen... it totally worked? Don't know what this means but Joe is psyched  BREAKING: Fed says it can be "patient" on raising rates THIS IS IT This is very, very funny :( People are giving up on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 much more quickly than expected: y CUBA IS BACK The Russian crisis explained in two minutes @zpower I'm just saying if I had one... uh... no what if I told you I had one Also the director’s cut of Nightbreed I want to talk about the amazing art has made Whatever did on twitter tonight was excellent Congrats to WHOA  BREAKING: Apple Stops Online Sales in Russia Over Ruble Fluctuations Whoa... Boom  BREAKING: Apple beats $1 billion lawsuit over iTunes restrictions Explainer: Why the Russian Ruble is collapsing Wait let me get this straight. The RUBLE is running for PRESIDENT? Jeb Bush is running for president This page is blowing up. Man I can’t win. heating oil looking good but yen rebounding new funky socks once a month in a nice box I know that feel bro IT'S AMAZING THE THINGS YOU THINK YOU CAN DO WHEN YOU'VE HAD TWO BOTTLES OF WINE Free startup idea: soxbox Uber but for kitkats Whoa whoa whoa whoa has a podcast Okay then 24 would have seemed a lot less cool if every torture session started with Jack rectally feeding someone Keeping track of what hackers hauled off with this year On's brilliant take, I think it's easy to sum up: you think you're the superhero, but you're actually the villain restraining order @anildash even better @business hard, hard work It's time. The new Bloomberg Business, coming January 2015: Oh it's happening.  It's time. The new Bloomberg Business, coming January 2015: don't know what you mean... what is the link? An Amazon Wishlist that’s just a bunch of Cobb Salads D&D nerds are 2000 yrs old ;-)  2000 yr old Egyptian 20 sided die w/ Greek characters "We must move forward, not backward; upward, not forward; and always twirling, twirling, twirling towards freedom!" Some ripped, sexy ass santas out here tonight Merry Xmas nerds Where’s skeet ulrich please, PLEASE keep writing about the new republic. don't ever stop. please. I guess the pope never met penny ZING so you're literally saying all dogs go to heaven smdh nailed it Hey how about that San Andreas trailer Here's teens freaking out over college A Quick Guide to the Worst Corporate Hack Attacks of 2014 The worst corporate hacks of 2014 (holy crap) Apple co-founder traded his shares for gold. Why that was a horrible investment, in 1 chart @BloombergNews wow @lydiadepillis we gotta help out wall street guys Wow I can't believe the government didn't shut down This is so powerful. How you fix police in America. INCREDIBLE data on how America is actually shaking its oil addiction A lot more on what we’re doing at Bloomberg from Republican Wisconsin governor Scott Walker responds to a letter regarding a menorah: "Thank you and Molotov" About my baby: “This is going to sound dumb or terrible... but I just want to leave the room when she does it." @theawl why is this ad ruining everything Psychologist Linked to CIA Interrogations "I'm caught in some Kafka novel." Half of Americans Don't Want Their Sons Playing Football Exciting times! Some news on the project I've been working on - bringing the Bloomberg web families together Wait I get it that hozier song is about doing it E-mails show Sony chief Kazuo Hirai personally approved scenes in “The Interview” Have they made a 3d printer that prints the candy I want right now has chuck johnson written a TNR think piece yet? r u dissing my vodka tweets? Yes god is like "chuck I am so impressed by your restraint please come to heaven right now" Can we get weev and chuck johnson a podcast please? I mean look, chuck johnson may be an amazing journalist but I won't read his work because he defecated on a floor probably Imagine this all said in a high-pitched whine Dude pays CASH Sick journalism chuck when you think you wore the fire look but the homie came with the giant bat cape and outdid you @ksheekey wow Called it!  Leaked Sony e-mails reveal Aaron Sorkin wanted Tom Cruise as Steve Jobs omg Still can't believe these two Marco Rubio tweets are separated by only 17 hours  ---> CIA tortured Gul Ruhman to death at "the Salt Pit". 

Mistaken identity. Depressing day to be an American this is a nightmare Me rn Remember Too Many Cooks? @pareene it’s scary but then gets boring then your baby starts crying and you’re like the alien is coming from inside the house “Oi,” Prince William added. “Kates’n’I are right chuffed to see the basketball, innit. Peaky Blinders” I hate fancy cocktail bars and this confirms my hatred Best email in a long time Hearing rumor that is heading to TNR. "I would relish the opportunity to destroy the legacy of the New Republic,” … Sorry but this is fucking amazing  popular it's going down Seriously people we're on the hunt for hypersmart (and hyper, smart) news editors  PING NOW Just wow  Dune series by Herbert also brilliant. He advocates placing limits on machine intelligence. Russia's Ruble disaster in one chart Seems legit  Daughter of Korean Air chairman orders plane back to gate over macadamia nuts service 53 percent of Americans say race relations have deteriorated under President lol  Ouch RT poll shows trumps Republican rivals on leadership for 2016 Arby's made a commercial for Pepsi, and it's amazing: Is there a kind of coffee that can make me feel alive again @TheStalwart my god the ruble! Photoset: This. Forever. Photo: Photo: If I don’t play soon I am going to die @Tyrangiel actually that might be my problem - but we’re on it! @Tyrangiel is on it @ezraklein this is all too much Checking in on the 330 companies that pledged to hire more long-term unemployed workers This is straight out of Rapture I think with just a few more decades of advertising, this cotton thing could really catch on Pre 9/11 America was a trip Introducing Zelda to Kid Rock real quick Gwen Stefani’s new song is so much more embarrassing than I could have ever imagined Would be amazing if instead next issue all listicles - The New Republic Will Not Publish Next Issue unless they were really dumb aliens Aliens, seeing Humans kill over land, politics, religion, & skin color, would surely ask, “What the f*%k is wrong with you?" Obama Tested for Sore Throat at Washington Army Hospital: really asking! That’s helpful What kind of flooring is this? Waiting in a car, waiting for a ride in the dark Sorry to say, as someone who long ago wrote for Peretz-Wieseltier, has the essential perspective Free product idea: PornTablet @alexismadrigal I’m loving this journo canoe I miss The Face tho @shani_o maybe you need to meet some new digital editors I just mean, we have more intense editing than a lot of magazines. we have great editors. Would put many of ours against print mags any day and expect to come out o… @chrislhayes assumption that new journalism is not often done with old methods strikes me as strange; TNR not a bellwether @chrislhayes and many others making great things on paper and screens - we’re in a rebirth of journalism culture of course not! I’m not defending Hughes, simply saying I think the outrage is shortsighted / unrealistic I doubt that was planned Sorry just catching up on TNRgate I feel for TNR staff that loves what it was, but sense of entitlement is shocking. No business just gets to “be” because you love it. TNR has “lasted through numerous transformations of the “media landscape” - well, none like this fellas Whoa new Terminator trailer I want this badly Woz debunks one of Apple's biggest myths It's a record: The U.S. economy has never before delivered 50 straight months of payrolls growth. (Previous record: 48, … Free startup idea: uber, but they also arrive with a cup of hot coffee The 8 most expensive email fails in corporate history:  #Businessweek85 @jyarow a little low key for my taste TGIFUUUUUUUUU @BW here! 85 years of all hell breaking loose In America, if you fraudulently sell cigarettes the cops will literally kill you but if you fraudulently sell mortgages yo… No they don't and yes it does. .@BW's 85th Anniversary Issue: The most disruptive ideas of the past 85 years  #Businessweek85 Justice Department to conduct a civil-rights probe into #EricGarner death: Still reeling as I think about the #EricGarner decision. It is outrageous. "The imbalance between Mr. Garner’s fate and his supposed infraction is grotesque and outrageous." Do you ever just stop and think about how humans invented ice cream 100 black market brains are worth less than a single kidney Hillary Clinton's Historic 2016 Primary Advantage in Two Charts  via @mikenizza BOOM @alshumdesign thank goodness! @tomwarren I use a Windows machine every day! @tomwarren wait are you mad at Tom or me? @tomwarren I agree it is a laugh riot they did last time! cool icons My new fav spam type   Don’t want to end up a cartoon in a cartoon graveyard Based on the amount of scratching they require, dogs have a severe skin disorder right? Imagine taking that tiny newborn home from the hospital, so full of hope.  14 years later, she has tweeted at Harry St… Watch Amazon's helper bots fill your holiday shopping orders BuzzFeed Hires Clickhole Writer Because Twitter Was Running Out of Joke Material Football seems like a doomed sport lately I like where this is going I want the top of the line 4k TV and I don’t want to pay anything for it - is there a cyber monday deal like this what is this world coming to New at, a profile of the new conservative press and its war against "explainer" journalism big historical shift here: Google overtaking Apple in the classroom. @laura_june it has been a topic of conversation St. Louis Rams Players Do "Hands Up, Don't Shoot" Pose As They Take The Field I ordered FiOS tonight and it was awesome “…fake reviews tended to use more superlatives than real ones and used ‘I’ and ‘we’ more often.” @jasonsantamaria this @Bankoff yes I believe so @Bankoff I feel your pain  One reason for oil price collapse is improved mpg. New car average went from 20→25mpg. Saves as much gas as 40→60mpg. htt… @michaelbshane yes David I might rub you out @michaelbshane Ryan is that a jew joke not cool bro @btcarter come over right now she needs a bath platinum @piercedavid what I love those guys! I went on the Tonight Show so no Current status get that old crap out my face email me your list better notifications? skinning? 6 broham - what cool stuff can I do? My dad just said a cobb salad is “too complicated” to eat Humanity is truly doomed should I jailbreak? The Leftovers, not the bomb Leftovers are the bomb guys the new star wars trailer is like really really good Best email I've gotten today used em, not as good but what about small business saturday Will any Android phone maker ever create a device with a better camera than its Apple counterpart? Hey dude maybe take it to email RT Twitter CFO screws up another private message "do we have a contingency plan for if the star wars trailer isn't perfect in every way" This is how US household consumption breaks down. I'm romantically into my k cup machine Zelda really loves books Thankful for not having to cover black friday deals today Wow RT Who killed Robert McCullochs father. Amazing. Lincoln Center looking nice and shiny tonight. Yo is Nashville good? hang tight! Someone get on this RT Is James Franco trolling us with this selfie calendar? @mappingbabel ehhhhh headline concept: Why You Gotta be So Crude what are you talking about Free sitcom idea: The Big Bane Theory This Zoe Quinn quote from the Businessweek story is so damn real. Anita Sarkeesian is just getting started This is the turkey that rich people eat A schizophrenic programmer made an operating system as an homage to God:  by The Casualties of the Cosby Vortex Photos: A Seething Response to the Ferguson Decision 8pm local that is Has there been a single reasonable explanation for doing this press conference at 9pm? Split Screen: Obama Calls for Calm as Violence Erupts in Ferguson  via Incredible. RT #Ferguson One man stands with his hands up blocking armored vehicles. This Obama is pure Obama. Some will admire temperate restraint, others will find it frustrating, inadequate to moment. But it is… This is a bad look for Obama The split screen is surreal. Is Obama being fed live updates off camera as he speaks? It seems that way Riots, Obama live here Juxtaposition of calm Obama and riots on TV is perversely comical Live reaction to #Ferguson grand jury: Rioters pouring lighter fluid on cop car right now on TV. Surreal. Great night to meet racists on twitter Huh  Two shots fired while Wilson was inside vehicle in altercation with Brown, prosecutor says PROSECUTOR: People in the community should make some changes so this doesn’t happen again
MEDIA MEMBER: Like what
PROSECUTOR: … Prosecutor: Audio of final 10 shots will be released tonight. #Ferguson Great question "Why is this justice?" I'm also unfollowing you Grand juries declined to return an indictment in 11 out of 162,000 federal cases in 2010 (accordingly to 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 12 rounds!! 12 rounds! "A lot of witnesses said a lot of things. But then in the end we didn't care anyhow." You know what all this evidence needs? A trial. The portion of this statement where the shooting of Michael Brown is vehemently defended is disgusting Guys quick stop fanning the flames by using social media to share actual information BREAKING: Ferguson police officer avoids indictment for teen’s killing | FIRST OFF WE REALLY WORKED HARD ON THIS they looked at ALL the evidence okay? they could have just looked at a little bit, like normal Here are beautiful gifts in a beautiful layout from Wow. ROMNEY heavy favorite in New Hampshire right now And here is our awesome SCIENTIFIC ranking of what airports are going to drive you the most insane Here are the 10 worst airports in America... and the secrets to surviving them this Thanksgiving New backyard Photo: Photo: @margeincharge this is perfect Emily FLORIDA show 97! New top score on #crossyroad BOOM 62! New top score on #crossyroad (is this good?) Crossy Road is the bomb Shortly afterward, the film's main antagonist, Richie Madano, kills Bobby in broad daylight in front of his wife, Laurie, and his two kids. However, Gino sees a pimp beating up a woman and intervenes. In the opening scene of the movie, Gino and his partner Bobby Lupo are waiting to bust up a multi-million dollar drug deal. Gino Felino (Steven Seagal) is a NYPD detective from Brooklyn who has strong ties within his neighborhood. Remember when the Princeton Review told applicants to act less Asian? No? Penny came home super drunk again "It may sound bizarre... but the foundation of its management model is more akin to that of General Motors" This blew my mind. How ISIS uses spreadsheets and annual reports to corporatize terror not exactly a rare opinion good thing that Gene never says crazy stuff that doesn't pan out wow What if an Uber pulled up and Bill Cosby got out Really psyched to not be Bill Cosby right now This is truly insane RT Remember when Ashton Kutcher mistook his slain girlfriend's blood for wine? What’s worse to have stuck in your head; a knife or All About That Bass? c'mon Al Franken Takes on Uber I know right! I heard Uber threatened to KILL A JOURNALIST if they complained about surge pricing Soo… Uber investor Ashton Kutcher (@aplusk) is okay with digging up dirt on "shady" journalists who criticize Uber what You know what's *not* selling like hot cakes? HOT CAKES. Leave Your Baby Alone - College students engineer make out sessions (no booze involved) c'mon! @BuzzFeedBen assuming name is reference to "god mode" in video games which grants super user powers @voraciousbrain god this headline needs an oxford comma so bad because of all the weed? I don't know what this means but I like the way it makes me feel If you have not watched this brutal bit of video... just do it now (ouch!) Uber clarifies that it only accesses your trip history in particular situations, such as whenever it wants to This is madness RT Fracking to be permitted in GW National Forest that is sad "And the feeling of being like, this is a fragment of a holographic reality that a higher consciousness made." I know you're not taking about Failure to Launch because it is perfect @lindseyweber SAC @shani_o VP? 