Yahoo's Flurry Mobile Platform To Launch Big Updates For Its 200K Developers  by Get ready to #mobileyodel at mobile developer conference today!!! So happy for associates and proud of mgmt. A great leadership decision by Doug McMillon. Excited for #MDC tomorrow & impact of = great line up w/… A New Post - serwerworld: I’ve accepted an offer to join Yahoo as the Editor-in-Chief of Yahoo Finance. I... :) Photo: Earnings live cast on yahoofinance! With and at #wef15 My friend Shirin Oskooi has tried out for #Survivor for 10+ years. This season, she made it! Persistence pays! So proud of :) POP POP! Tune in Tuesday, March 17 for season six of “Community,” only on. It's A Wonderful Life, love Jimmy Stewart. Tho National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation's scene with the squirrel gets me every time. Always!  On blog posts, tho, they get taken out for stylistic consistency. :/ Thanks for the inspirational talk at #techpulse,! Fireside chat with Marissa Mayer and Vinod Khosla - founding CEO of Sun Microsystems at Tech Pulse 2014. #techpulse ht… Ev Williams’ Obvious Ventures Officially Launches  via 1) Chez Vrony in Findler above Zermatt, 2) Hornlihut, and, in Zurich, 3) the cafe above Sprungli's flagship on Paradeplatz. Where else but can you invite your CEO to join the Lollypop Guild? #noplacelikehere Happy Thanksgiving! - Happy Thanksgiving with artistic interpretation:... Here's 's post on the Yahoo/Mozilla partnership & what you'll soon see in Firefox. Really exciting! Very happy to welcome the entire Brightroll team to Yahoo! Welcome and team to .@Yahoo acquires! Yes, I did :) Have a bit of a cold so needed to stop for some meds. @INFORUMsf Thank you so much, Marc! Excited to welcome Lisa! This show is amazing. #LiveItLive & watch online RIGHT NOW! Photo: Q3 earnings! After taking a 3 year break from Flickr I'm back, and I'm hooked. #flickr kudos. IS it just me or has Flickr gotten awesome lately? Kerry talks #OliviaPope + more with.  -kw's krew Excited to talk #HowGoogleWorks with & tonight! great Idea Safari in Rhode Island! Your team did a fabulous job! Loads of opportunity! Well done! #yahoo I wish I could transmit the high from our meeting at Yahoo. If Community fans are Julia Roberts - and they ARE - Richard Ger… @YahooCare how can we help? Whatever is doing at... is working. The new apps are freakin' gorgeous. #Yahoo #tech #news Italian day on #siliconvalley at for PM before heading to week #usmission Proud to know you and this piece gives me way too much credit.  You should be so proud of the path *you* chose! Heading to San Fran then Sunnyvale for work. So cool to see your company all over #JFK #Proud Yahoo Style: Your Style Destination - yahoo: By Joe Zee, Editor in Chief of Yahoo Style I joined Yahoo a... will be live from Iceland on.  Join us at Yahoo Mail is the most beautiful email client I've ever seen #YahooMailapp Video: staff: Accepted challenge from: Marissa Mayer, CEO of Yahoo Passing challenge along to: Benedict... Just had a tremendously friendly/amazing customer-service experience with Jack. He's a credit to the company. (c… Yahoo responds to's #ALSIceBucketChallenge and throws to,, and! Mike Kail Joins Yahoo as Chief Information Officer  #CIO Introducing Our New CIO Mike Kail - yahoo: By Marissa Mayer, Yahoo CEO Technical infrastructure has always... So proud of and for being among's 20 Big Data All Stars! @Yahoo great to meet you! Another day another build. -style now.  #fuelcells #energy #yahoogreenteam great to see incorporate fuel cells at their facility! The Remarkable and Inspirational Story, “One Chance,” Comes Exclusively to Yahoo Screen This Fall - yahoo:... Photo: Q2 2014 earnings videocast! Enjoying the bonus in 
Get the full story and the day's need-to-know news. My pleasure!  Hope you had fun! Photo: marissamayer: At the Yahoo World-Cup-themed summer picnic! on Flickr. Welcome!  Good luck on your first week!  Look forward to meeting you. Season 6 of “Community” is coming to Yahoo - yahoo: By Kathy Savitt, CMO And the crowd goes wild… the... Congrats .@marissamayer and team for Aviate. Love it! Clean, efficient, simple, at my fingers tip. #aviate It's not everyday you get to throw up the Y with the CEO of the company! #Yahoo #MarissaMayer… Just finished our annual meeting - thx to our shareholders! Here’s our annual report:... I've had Aviate since acquisition day and I briefly panic if I have to use a pho… Yahoo Aviate: The Intelligent Homescreen that Simplifies Your Phone - yahooaviate: By Mark Daiss, Product... Introducing Yahoo Beauty - Inspiring you to live beautifully. #MoreThanMakeup hanging with product team of the year winner at this morning - nice job! #WMTShares I interviewed, CEO of, for my new series World 3.0. Sneak peek 8:30am ET on Congrats to the team for being part of's 100 Best iPhone Apps of 2014! htt… Next week, our own will interview! Photo: staff: Maybe you’ve just started to pursue a higher education. Maybe you’ve spent your adult life... Yahoo Wins Another Apple Design Award For News Digest App Photo: marissamayer: In keeping with the tradition of making me elaborate baked goods for my birthday,... Photo: marissamayer: Here’s a close up of the stegosaurus :) on Flickr. had a exceptionally pleasant customer service with Seema Klamath is resolving YMail issue!  Refreshing. Premiering Yahoo Movies - yahoo: by Josh Wolk, Executive Editor of Yahoo Entertainment Today, we’re... Delighted to see Carolina Herrera, and Joe Zee in SF tonight at CH opening with Yahoo News Digest, the Yahoo app recommended to is now available on Android even being a perfectionist I'm really impressed by #yahoonewsdigest & #yahooweather app; undoubtedly "the" b… I find myself using #Yahoo iOS apps more & more these days. The new designs are slick and I esp. love Daily… The New Yahoo Mail App: Your Mail, News and Info at a Glance! - yahoo: By Andrew Molyneux, Senior Product... Meet our brand new Yahoo Travel team Photo: Our NewFront presentation is tonight at Lincoln Center! The new Flickr iOS app is simply beautiful. Stunning even. Love it. Great job Thank you and for not giving up of. New apps released today for #ios and #android Photo: Q1 2014 earnings webcast - here we come! Excited to welcome to Yahoo Bobbi Brown Joins Yahoo as Editor in Chief of Beauty - yahoo: By Kathy Savitt, Chief Marketing Officer... Today @ Levi's Stadium Yahoo Expands Editorial Staff with Paula Froelich and Josh Wolk; Sarah McColl named Editor in Chief of... really enjoying the simplicity of the News Digest app. Beautifully designed and so easy to use. #re… @YahooCare how can we help? Enjoyed talking w/’ about #education, #ClimateChange, public health, and more: Want to see my interview with Mike Bloomberg? how can we help? Yahoo! going yard! "Replaces CBS As The Official Fantasy Game Of " their news digest & finance apps are great. Weather is pretty nice as well, just not moving to daily need with lack of we… @MarkJansen Thanks for using! They have seriously stepped up their game in customer service. I had a simi… WOW! Not only is my Yahoo Mail problem fixed, I got a phone call from Yahoo to make sure… @YahooCare Happy to help! Nice to meet you too!  Say hi to Nicole for me :) 2 min video covering the Olympics - For those (like me) who didn’t have time to watch this is a great... @Yahoo Welcome! Happy Birthday! @YahooCare How can we help? Introducing Yahoo Gemini - yahoo: The first unified ad marketplace for mobile search and native advertising... @YahooCare how can we help? @ksavitt Please DM Kathy Savitt and we will get in touch. @Yahoo Thanks for the question! Nice to meet you! @Yahoo Thanks for being an investor! @trocheter Thank you!  It was very nice to meet you. Happy Birthday, Flickr!  10 years old today. @YahooCare Thanks for your patronage!  How can we help? @YahooCare how can we help? Catch all the #SuperBowl ads on! how can we help? A fun Davos welcome from Credit Suisse :). Love the attention to detail - it's purple! @Yahoo Thank you for dinner! @Mindshare_NA Nice to meet you - thank you for dinner! @YahooCare how can we help? “@brit: Interestingly, I tend to use red apps most frequently. And who would think I have 2 apps? #homes… Received my book crazy fast! Beautiful quality & thank you! @YahooMailGroup how can we help? @yahoomail how can we help? @Yahoo Happy to oblige :) An Update on Yahoo Mail - yahoo: by Marissa Mayer, Yahoo CEO This has been a very frustrating week for our... how can we help? thank you!! Yahoo Mail restored -... An Important Update for Our Users - yahoomail: We are very sorry for recent difficulties with Yahoo Mail.... Was super fun... even though you creamed me! ;) . Was a great show!  Looking forward to the Nutcracker and the Dr. Seuss line-up in the spring :) Help is on the way. sorry for this mishap.  How can we help?@ksavitt @YahooCare how can we help? We added new MyYahoo buttons to our 400K feeds, emails and on-site. Big source of traffic for us @Yahoo Fixed - thanks! Very excited to welcome Katie Couric to! Anchors... Dreamforce Keynote with Marissa Mayer, President and CEO, Yahoo! Thank You! @YahooCare how can we help? Excited for #df13 this afternoon! @YahooCare how can we help? Our Commitment to Protecting Your Information - yahoo: by Marissa Mayer, Yahoo CEO We’ve worked hard over... @YahooCare how can we help? Track how you sleep, move and eat with #UP24. Sync wirelessly for updates in real-time. @YahooCare how can we help? @Yahoo Thanks for using our apps! Overheard my 14 year old brothers: "What's the name of that awesome sports app?"  "Yahoo Sports!" CC: If retweets this, I will open a Yahoo account watching Yahoo! Sports Talk Live for dinner! RT this and I'll post to my 1200 Facebook friends to watch i… @yahoomail Thank you for using! Thanks for using! I don't think  will retweet me.If she does I will close my gmail and shift to ymail. @Yahoo Thank you! Spot the yahoo-ness? if you RT this I'll make #yahoo the default search engine for my entire company!! :) @Yahoo Thank you! Thanks! :) If RT this, i am gonna come back to yahoo mail, leaving gmail..! Thank you! , I'm a diehard Google user, but I will start using Flickr, Yahoo Mail, and Yahoo web search exclusively if I get … Thanks for using! Glad you like it! using #yahoo since 1994 && STILL wont RT ;-/ Thanks for using! in 2000 I travelled 250km to the nearest internet connected PC to open a yahoo email in Kenya, how times have c… If re-tweet this, i may ill re-activate my yahoo account :) Thank you for using! @DanielPink Thank you for using How can we help? How can we help? Good luck! I've used use Yahoo since more than 10 years ago, 1 TB email is awesome @Yahoo Thank you!  We appreciate it :) I've been using yahoo mail for over 15 years. @Yahoo Thank you! if RT's this i'll start using other yahoo! products too btw 1TB is way too much thanks...;-) ;) If retweets this i'll um get an exclamation point tattoo. Thanks for using! If retweets this, I'll open a Yahoo mail account. if retweets this i will close my microsoft/hotmail account and move straight to yahoo. Yay :) Hi, Kevin! Followed!  Let us know the verdict. Thanks for using! Adding and to help. I use Yahoo! Mail and search engine on my iPhone. Any help getting my coveted 'joebenitez' username?! RT if y… If RTs this then I’ll start using my Flickr again. It does look amazing now. @Yahoo Thank you! I love yahoo can I get a retweet Good luck with CS! you have inspired me to pursue Computer Science. I have reopened my Yahoo account. Can I get a RT? I was traveling across Africa for 6 months; Y! was the only web service that would fetch POP mail from other acc… I love the #fantasyfootball experience across desktop, tablet, phone w 3 leagues. RT? Favorited! if you RT I'll start telling people to "just yahoo it" Thanks for using! Is retweeting everything tonight?!? If so, can I get a retweet for being a loyal Yahoo Fantasy Football user? … Yep. Thank you for using! Woot! “@torbahax: My Yahoo folder! Thank you! Thanks for being an investor and user! Thank you!! Thank you for using us all these years! @dan_california_ Welcome to! Thanks for trying us out! Hey CEO superstar who's an inspiration to us all, can get I get a RT (and yes I'll open a Yahoo! account) @Yahoo Thank you! @yahoomailFinance Thanks for using our apps! - if you retweet this I am going to use only aps from now on - great app by the… Thanks for using and evangelizing our apps! @Yahoo Absolutely! Thanks for using since the start! First email a/c was at Yahoo - 1997. Opened everyday almost since then. Worth a RT, :-) (& invite to Yahoo… Thanks for using!  Glad you like the design! Go Wisconsin! Thanks for using! I've been using yahoo for 6 years. Hook me up with a RT @Yahoo Thank you! It's all about the users - even one at a time. Thanks for using our apps! Thanks for using! I think I predate you Amy! I deserve a RT too! Thank you for using! @zpower Thank you!! If retweets this, I'll make Yahoo my default search engine on Google Chrome. @almihlhauser Hmm... Thank you!! Thank you for all your loyalty! @dan_california_ Start with the Yahoo weather app or the new homepage. @Yahoo Yep! It was obv; still can't get enough. “@sacca: Summer of 09, Marissa came to the Twoffice and clearly explained to us why TWTR would be huge.” Sorry!  Hope your season improves. Sadly no :/ I'm sure you'll look great in purple.  Thanks for using! If retweets this, I'll wear purple to work every single day next week and reactivate my dormant Yahoo account! It's free now and gives you a terabyte!  Try the app too :) hey! retweeting tweets from old yahoo users. Eh I too am an old yahoo user since 98 I think. Hehe. Thank you for staying with us all these years! Followed! If retweets this I’ll post a pic of it on my Tumblr. #livingontheedge I already have yahoo! Mail and it's already my homepage. A little RT? @almihlhauser Hope it's primary!  Thanks for using! I’ll cancel my Gmail account if you RT this should retweet this because i'm young and smart and use +! Thanks for using! @Yahoo Glad we could oblige!  Thanks for usingMail! Thank you for being an investor and a user since the start! not a bot - just a slow Friday night :p Thank you for 14 years!  Almost since the beginning and the record so far I've seen tonight in tweets. I am :). But that doesn't get a retweet ;) Thank you for using! @Dreamforce Thank you!  See you next week! thank you - glad you like them! Thank you!  Pass our thanks to your mom! Thank you! Thank you for your loyalty! If  retweet this I will make yahoo my homepage : ) @IAWildFan And our anniversary is 12/12.  Coincidence? ;) If retweets this ill use yahoo for my email! @isaach Yes I was a judge for the hackathon.  They had just released the API, I think. Thank you for 9 years! I've HAD a Yahoo! acct as my primary since 2004. If that's not worth a RT, I don't know what is. :) Thank you for the 11 years! She did! I have been using Yahoo Mail for 11 years now and still luv it!  Do I get a retweet… I'll try as well....if RTs this then I'll open a yahoo account and set yahoo news as my homepage. Thank you! thank you! .@IAWildFan Love this!  Thank you! I did create a session on future of news (foo 2008 or 2009, I think).  Not sure it was genesis of newsfoo. Ok I'll try...if tweets me, ill open a yahoo account as a primary account :) If retweet this. I will start saying Yahoo instead of Yes ! A update for users who miss tabs:   Nice work, team! Thank you. The new $YHOO finance app is gorgeous. Got something to ask Jennifer Lawrence? Submit your Qs to our Ask  #YahooCatchingFire @YahooCare glad we could help!  Thanks for your patience! adding That's strange.  How can we help? @RobinWithAnI My pleasure! @bonggamom My son's superhero costume, but I'm biased... @bonggamom Movie-sized! :) Photo: Trick or treating set-up at the office for YaBoo! @YahooCare  Ugh.  We are on it. And will be with you sooner than 300 minutes from now... @YahooCare how can we help? It is me - that's why I sometimes miss a few! @katyperry Firework :) Watch LIVE at the album release party starting now on. #LiveOnScreen Yes, it’s true: After 13 years, I’m leaving the NY Times to start a new tech site (and much more) at Yahoo. @YahooCare how can we help? Photo: Q3 Earnings livestream! The album release party starts NOW! Watch the stream here: @PaloAltoFire Thanks for hosting!  It was great - Macallister loved the fire trucks and the helicopter! , thanks for spending the morning w/. Great community support, pancakes and fun Photo: Happy Friday! New shiny sign in front of headquarters. on Flickr. Yahoo Mail and Web revamp is crazy good. Job well done .
Clean. Clarity. Fast. Responsive. The new mail is just AWESOME. Congrats to and all the team. #GoodJob Thank you! Yahoo! Developer Network: So I’m the guy who sent the t-shirt out as a thank you. - yahoodevelopers: By... @yahoomail how can we help? Love it.  Thank you :) Love it! @marifakkaya thanks for trying it out! thanks :) - I hope it will grow on you! if she retweets me, I will stop making fun of Yahoo's new logo in public thanks! :) If retweets this I will make Yahoo's homepage as my homepage. If RT's this, I'll make a My Yahoo page and set it as my homepage. If retweets this, I'll make Yahoo my homepage. if retweets this i'll make yahoo my home page too  :) and I'll switch to a Yahoo email address! If retweets this I will make Yahoo's homepage as my homepage. if you retweet me here, I'll not only make my homepage, but I'll send you my MKT303 … “@mattlynley: if retweets this i'll make yahoo my home page” me too :) !! thanks! if retweets this i'll make yahoo my home page thx! :) If RT's this, I'll make a My Yahoo page and set it as my homepage. how can we help? And a fun video for My Yahoo! Thanks for getting My Yahoo launched! As iGoogle Nears Its End, 'My Yahoo' Gets Beautiful Redesign  - Thanks! Thanks for 2 years of hard work!  Congrats on your 2nd anniversary :) how can we help? Welcome!  Excited to be working with you :) Welcome!! @YahooFantasy we just issued an update that should improve the issues you have been seeing.  Let us know what you think. Photo: Great winning shot of with in the background :) on Flickr. ->@Mashable: Yahoo Launches Video App With Clips From 'SNL,' 'Daily Show' Now on mobile with the SNL,, and original shows, introducing the newScreen: Excited to welcome Megan Liberman (@megannyt) as Editor-In-Chief of! . and I did not buy this house. Again, don't believe everything you read on the Internet. Cc @YahooCare how can we help? Geeking Out on the Logo - So, tonight we unveiled the new Yahoo logo, concluding our 30 days of change. We... how can we help? Love it! In Arun's 30 days of change, he wears a different Yahoo shirt every day to celebrate 5 years at. Welcome,! @YahooCare adding welcome! .@JaceyZembal I'm sure curling is fun, but I've never played.  Don't believe everything you read on the Internet :) @Yahoo Welcome!  Apologies for the temp logo and thx for feedback on sports. Welcome! how can we help? @Yahoo Help us debug.  Adding and. Nice to finally have the #yahooweather app come to Android. Slick, intuitive and beautifully created. Good job… apropos! :) Celebrate 30 days of change as we get ready to unveil our new logo.  Take a look at the first one.   #Dail… Welcome! “@BernieHernie: I am very happy to say I will be leading Flickr at Yahoo. Amazing beautiful challenge. @YahooCare how canwe help? Welcome! @Yahoo Thank you for investing and believing in us! nope - that chart/statistic is our traffic without Tumblr. Check out our new app - thanks for the rave review! @YahooCare How can we help? I've been looking for a league, but I may be terrible.  Still want me? :) @Yahoo I'm sorry.  How can we help? Photo: Getting ready for our earnings webcast on Yahoo Finance :) Wishlist: Get the Mail address you’ve always wanted - sign up for our wish list today!... We’re doing our earnings call tomorrow by video web cast on... Photo: So proud of the Tumblr team at the Nasdaq opening.  My job was just to go and take pictures to... Which-50: Tumblr surges since Yahoo deal, averaging 250,000 new blogs and 80,000,000 new posts a day. -... Video: Tumblr’s animated gif reel on Nasdaq’s tower. Photoset: The Nasdaq tower on Times Square Photo: The Tumblr team doing the opening. Photo: David at the Nasdaq opening! Looking forward to both #TCDisrupt Sept ember ( and #Dreamforce in November ( @YahooCare Adding We are redirecting it to  not quite same as closing it. how can we help? how can we help? @YahooCare how can we help? I'm psyched for the *sold out* EPACS (@epacharter) party and concert tonight! #rockforEPACS Sealed with a GIF / Tumblr. + Yahoo! -- It’s Officially Official. - this is going to be great! The are ready to take Fantasy football to another level with Tumblr. + Yahoo! -- It’s Officially Official. -   That's the idea! :) Yahoo is a founding partner for the 49ers new home - Levi's stadium - complete with a Yahoo! Fantasy... is now - available on iOS, Android for phones and tablets. Faster, easier to use - go team! Photo: giveemkel: “The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone.”  ― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe Want a nice, easy to remember email address? YourName@yahoo.com could be available soon! Auctioning a lunch for charity! - Join me for lunch at Yahoo :) Proceeds go to East Palo Alto Charter School... Photo: staff: Tumblr Tuesday: Transparent Art Edition Animated Text An amazing and hilarious collection of... Join me for lunch at :) Proceeds go to East Palo Alto Charter School (EPACS). You can bid on: Very proud of the Design Award that the Weather team won yesterday! We are setting the record straight about and PRISM - we are not involved. @YSmallBusiness how can we help? @YahooCare glad we could help! @YahooCare glad wecould help Lazarus responded promptly & worked to resolve the issue tonight!  Great job! It's fixed! K… @YahooCare how can we help? how can we help? Photo: on Flickr. Knowing my love of color and sweets, made piñata cookies for my birthday - from... Knowing my love of color and sweets, made piñata cookies - stuffed with mini m&ms - for my birthday! @piersmorgan Is there a problem with your account?  How can we help? David made my day with his review of. Terabyte=insane,historic,vast & new design=gigantic improvement @Yahoo How can we help? Please join us on June 21 at headquarters to hear and support East Palo Alto Charter School! Just had the most AMAZING customer service experience from and theCare team (Patrick). Thanks! (cc:… how can we help? My 1,828 sets on Flickr have never looked better.    :) @johndphoto I worded my answer terribly. I really apologize for what it sounded like outside of the context and notion of Flickr Pro. @johndphoto Yes, was regarding Flickr Pro, which we are deprecating, there are no "Pros" on Flickr - all users have the terabyte. Yes, apologies. Sorry about that! Was about terabyte on, how many photos everyone takes, and that storage needs aren't that different. It was a misstatement on my part and out of context.  Was about the terabyte on & how many photos everyone takes. thanks! Apologies! It was a misstatement on my part and out of context.  Was about the terabyte on & how many photos everyone takes. for everybody actually! (Not just Pro) Photo: The great workplace dilemmas of our time… @charlesarthur Hmm - marissamayer is also me but because of Tumblr/Flickr I thought I should be  :) 900 posts a second on means 2.3 Million new posts during our 42-minute investor call this morning :) Good idea!  Just did. :) Photo: I’m delighted to announce that we’ve reached an agreement to acquire Tumblr!  We promise not to screw... First ever acquisition announced by animated gif :) is acquiring.   #keepcalmandcarryon @kikionugraha how can we help? how can we help? #buildgala #Square #Yahoo #140 How can we help? Now, through our new partnership with, tweets will be on the homepage! Slightly embarrassing - Michael Damian, Rock On in Jan 1989 - my bff and I were huge Young and the Restless fans back then :) @YahooOntheRoad I'm at back of venue @YahooOntheRoad coming! Deja vu! Walked in to the #Yontheroad venue and realized it's where I went to my first ever concert when I was 13! @YahooOntheRoad Up one floor. @YahooOntheRoad sure tweet me back and we will figure it out... In Milwaukee today for where & are performing at 8! Come join us!  #Yontheroad Spring tulips! Macaroon art.  Happy Mother's Day! :) Welcome to,!!  Excited to have you :). Psyched to be helping my friends,, and the team at -- UP, UP and away! Thank you!! how can we help? thank you!! Introducing! Stream Ads! When the Lights Go Down in the City as the opening to Read My Mind was epic!  Forgot how amazing Brandon Flowers sounds live :) in SF! :) Live from New York, it's Saturday Night!  The complete 38 year collection of skits is coming soon to. @yahoo Still a proud pine user.  Always have, always will be.  I usemail too. .@Yahoo’s new weather app depicts forecasts & heat maps with scenic photography from. how can we help? how can we help? Columbus Circle at night - so beautifully lit, the tulips are surreal. Introducing the new! iOS app, including summaries by Summ.ly! how can we help? how can we help? Congratulations and thank you for all your time and what you've done for! The new! Mail app for tablets lets you flip through your inbox as easily as you do a magazine. $YHOO has just built what may be the most beautiful app I have ever seen. Congrats. is this the best functionality on an app to date? could be... yahoo weather is wonderful If we've been waiting for a new weather app, & have delivered. Better than stock iOS & edges ou ... Great Job!  Beautiful app!!! found my new favorite weather app! #useful #pretty awesome work on the app : newYahoo! Weather app looks awesome ( Android verison coming? after the Flickr app for iOS..one more app with which we all will fall in love :) I love it! And flickr integration = #winning  Check out our new Yahoo! Weather app w/Flickr photos  ... The new weather app is freakin' gorgeous. Love it. Check out our new Yahoo! Weather app featuring Flickr photos, now available for iOS! New efforts from the tech community around #immigration this morning.. Proud to be a part! congrats!! Two great tastes that taste great together!  now with to send, receive, and store large files. My lean in story: Getting info on your phone is about to become a whole lot easier. We're acquiring mobile sensation  ... I love the Creamery :) Also expanding in Lockport, New York - a new data center, a new customer care center, & 115 new jobs:  #jobs #galore Dia Dhuit!  is hiring in Dublin, we're adding 200 more jobs this year: Game on!  I just set up a bracket for Tourney Pick 'Em.  You can play against me here (takes 3 min): Welcome back to Yahoo - Arnab, Tim, Christian, Sameer, and Karthik of! Announcing! On The Road!  I'll be heading home to WI (Madison) on May 13th.  When will we be in your town? Early rise at the cottage that Nelson, Eames, Girard used to stay at.... Excited to see the grand lighting of the Bay Lights in San Francisco!  So beautiful! Energizing end to busy work week: inspiring vision cast by SVP & fun party hosted by CEO ... our cake at wasn't bad either :) @yahoo Thank you!  Please keep using it :) Should have used a Flickr filter!  Looked nice in person, though. Today, March 2nd,! turns 18!  Yesterday, we celebrated with an amazing cake :) a newsfeed made of real news. Genius! A new experience launching on Yahoo today with a newsfeed, personalization and a new design - yay! Love for Jackson Hole, done Robert-Indiana-style! :) Tremendous day of skiing today - best so far this season. I'm  sending a valentine to #Newtown with #1MillionHearts for:  Join me Happy to have gotten this deal in place with my alma mater (@goog) for relevant, contextual ads.  Nice work team! @markmilian and I love the bison paddock :)  - one of the many cool and unique features of Golden Gate Park! Nice!  Climbing the charts... Yahoo is #8 on Best Places to Work in America!   and we're hiring! Congrats to my former team (@GoogleMaps for mobile) for their Crunchie!  Go - great acceptance speech! Backstage at the Crunchies sponsored by!  cc thought about it... next time! :) "Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful,committed people can change the world.Indeed,it is the only thin ... thank you - I knew I had butchered it :/. I'll retweet now. With women of impact; Christine Lagarde,, Pamela Thomas-Graham, making news @ #davos  ... Amazing night for #omgInsider Sunnyvale headquarters...  LOVES the show!!  ... Excited to meet you :) Really impressed with our (@Yahoo's) new prime time show on -! Former Googler must be happy about today's zamboni Google doodle, uniting two of her joys. Or rather is now available on iOS :) which allowed me to upgrade, still have great maps, and support my former team :) Snow is one of my favorite things as are you guys :) No doubt! My friend Lori got me a Vanilla Celebration back in July for my new gig at! (pic attached) is the best bakery in the Bay Area, imo. I love their frosted sugar cookies and was delighted to find... @zackbogue It was beautiful and delicious!  Love your blackberry and blood orange fillings :) do you use? So sad. I met in 2002 when invited him to. We had found his blog and were blown away by his age (16) & insights. @zackbogue Yes, it was a bus stop, but it was also in Paris :) Fascinating - thank you! OH in a hottub - apparently there is a special Japanese word for when a Japanese tourist gets to NYC and is disappointed.  Anybody know it? Fun powder day at today, but very cold - 6 degrees! #feelingmyfingersagain Kind of a conflicted day for me being both a Wisconsinite and a San Franciscan!  #nfl #packers #49ers So elated to have Sandy Gould joining our team as SVP of Talent!  We are HIRING :). Welcome! Thanks, Dan!  Twitter spoke and we listened.  This was very important and we're doing our best.  More to come... @Hobees I love the banana streusel french toast sandwich! Other faves: the coffee cake, banana energy blend, and turkey pot pie. Hello!! :) @Hobees Just fixed the @ reference (yesterday the apostrophe caused it to be broken). Sad to see that iconic location go, but glad you guys are just down El Camino.  Love the coffee cake and the coffee cake icon! @Hobees Just that location, but for students without cars the one down El Camino Real is too far.  Many a Sunday morning walks... So sad to see Stanford closing - 20 years of memories! Glad I got there today. Yep - was just at the one in downtown Palo Alto :) Another y! bang pic Me as the Y! Bang With Filo :) The 5th Avenue Apple store at 11 pm.  Wow. Great dinner at NoMad with, and! Thanks guys! Welcome Max (@mlevchin)! Also grateful to David Kenny (@davidwkenny) and Brad Smith for their work on: Happy 3rd anniversary! So glad Flickr iOS is finally here! Happy 12-12-12! Wondering how Earth is looking on the 12th day of the 12th month of 2012 at 1200 UTC? Check it out:  ... I do :) Four platforms and a launch - check out the new! Mail, launching today on iOS, Android, Windows 8, and the web. Welcome to! - we're glad to have you onboard at! Totally flattered *blush*...  and, I love it post-it mosaics!  Sorry to be missing Le Web this year.  I promise to be back next year! Welcome aboard, Benoit!! “@YahooInc: We're thrilled to welcome our newest Yahoo! Fellow, Benoit Schillings, to the mobile team!” Super proud of my friend and his company -- getting kudos from,, and! Really excited about playing tonight at the! Year End Party :) I'm honored (and surprised!) to be on Time's Person of the Year poll -- please vote and help me make a good showing :) Fascinating article in Fortune comparing and contrasting 2 of my heroes, Sam Walton and Steve Jobs: Yahoo! Fantasy Fans, here's what happened Sunday:  We're working hard to make things right with our systems and users! InteractiveTV has a really interesting future.  Glad to be partnering with Samsung (@SamsungTV) to be a part of it: We love La Strada! One month old - Macallister and me heading to YaBoo, the children's Halloween party at! A thought-provoking post by my friend - Why The Future Of Search May Look More Like Yahoo Than Google - Proud of the team, joining Yahoo! as's first acquisition: Got to visit our new acquisition, Stamped, this morning - happy to be reunited with Robby (rmstein) and his Excited to be collaborating with CBS Television on a primetime(!) show and an online outlet, OMG! Insider: My first full day back in the office, and I'm excited to kick it off by announcing my new COO, Henrique de Castro: Baby boy Bogue born last night. Mom (@marissamayer) and baby are doing great--we couldn't be more excited! Very excited to work with Silicon Valley legend Ken Goldman as Yahoo!'s new CFO! Psyched to see spots going in at 3rd and Harrison! Cc My friend and brilliant designer Erdem made me a maternity gown for the opening of the SF Symphony tonight. Big day! 1st part of Alibaba sale complete for $7.6B; $3B to return to shareholders & some $$ for growth & investm ... Legal assures us that our trademark is implied and quite secure :) One of our new Yahoo!s Andrew was really bugged by the registered trademark symbol at the end of our logo; h Just realized today is my "reciprocal anniversary" - and I got married on 12.12.09 and today is 09.12.12 :) With her energy, insights, and ability to build & transform great teams, I'm thrilled Jackie Reses is joining Yahoo! I'm partial to the Giant Dipper, but hearing the Hurricane on the Santa Cruz Boardwalk is closing down makes me sad: So excited to have landed Kathy Savitt as our new CMO at Yahoo! Astronaut And Icon Neil Armstrong Passes Away At 82  by I love URL's - our cafeteria :) even the signs are cool... Fun to drop by and see you guys this morning! :)   Donuts with hq Happy to announce Yahoo's new general counsel is Yahoo veteran Ron Bell! Excited to be working together, And now Google Local search experience will get even better with Frommer's content, So proud of my husband for the launch of his new fund, DataCollective (@dcvc): Very excited to participate in's latest round and to see their new product Getaway off to a great start! So proud of my friend - her first novel "Ten Girls to Watch" comes out today - woot! Congratulations to the Into_Now team on their release tonight!  Love the TV & Music Sync as well as the Capit feature. Congratulations to and Cowboy!  #giddyup Thanks!  The team has done a terrific job on our Olympics features and offerings :) County Market :) So good to see my YGL friends last night on their tour of Silicon Valley -- enjoy today! Thanks for the shout out, - very excited to be here at! Love that on a Yahoo search for Skype you get a big "Download" button #exactlywhatyouwant And a fun Yahoo layette set from the Yahoo! Communications group.  Note the purple rubber duck :). Thanks gu Giant balloon bouquets from my Google colleagues - 13 balloons in each for my 13 years and purple at the top Thank you!  THRILLED that is now running. It's the perfect fit. Congrats Marissa! Another piece of good news today - and I are expecting a new baby boy! Thank you!! I'm so incredibly flattered - thank you! I'm incredibly excited to start my new role at Yahoo! tomorrow: Finally breaking in to Breaking Bad after tons of recommendations.  Am going to try to watch just one episode a day.  Can it be done? So great to see - Computer Science is now Stanford's largest major! Google pitches Google Glasses by having skydivers wearing them jump over city--LIVE. Here's the video A fun video that shows how easy it is to find places in Maps and Google+ Local: : Amazing night last night at Crystal Bridges museum in Bentonville, AR - great art and an unbelievably beautiful facility. Introducing Google+ Local!  Local - now with a dash of Zagat and a sprinkle of Google+ - Proud of APM alums and and - making split A/B testing easy and fun! Congrats on Wired! New!  Now Google Offers are right on the map in Google Maps for Mobile! I'm a huge fan of Daniel Humm - have been since his early days in SF.  Congrats on the well-deserved James Beard award! Moment of total delight: Just got Uber's "on-demand mariachi" email. On 5/4, you can request Ubers with bands and margaritas #totallyawesome Unzip our homepage as we honor the inventor of the zipper, Gideon Sundback in one of our more elaborate doodles yet! For Earth Day, doodler Jen actually planted and grew our logo, then made a time-lapse video: Congratulations to the TIME 100 for 2012, especially Ginni Rometty - so honored to be able to write about you. Thanks! Very excited to be nominated for Walmart's Board of Directors! Today our logo pays homage to great photographer Robert Doisneau! An amazing (and huge) Calder sculpture at JFK! Proud of our friend, Olivia Fox Cabane. Her book is already #122 on Amazon and it's only day 1:  #thecharismamyth Our logo today is a tribute to Mies van der Rohe and his building Crown Hall (at the Illinois Institute of Technology): We have the fall version running in the southern hemisphere - hope that is what you are seeing! Winter is officially Finnished, with a spring equinox-themed Google Doodle by Marimekko. Happy First Day of Spring!  Check out our Marimekko-designed logo in honor of Helsinki as the world design capital! We're celebrating one of the all-time great origami artists - Akira Yoshizawa - with a logo folded by Robert Lang! Thank you for the great dress!   Check out the cover of today with in our Fall 2011 gown @zachbogue Thanks for coming tonight, Shervin, and thanks to Juliet for organizing! An amazing weekend skiing in Vail (@vailmtn) - the first of the season that actually felt like skiing!  Really amazing snow - 15" fresh :) Sorry - couldn't find your handle but congrats!  Exciting to see what you guys are up to :) Proud of Associate Product Manager alumni and Tony Hsieh for their launch of Karma (@getkarma): Thank you so much for being a part of #MAKERS. We love your piece on women in tech! See here:  ... @MAKERSwomen Thank you! Very cool thread sculpture at TED. Thanks! Thanks! Tune in 8PM 2night 4 broadcast of my interview with Google's Marissa Mayer from Computer History museum on KQED FM.  ... Thank you! Thanks for the pointer!  Also enjoyed the watermelon story.  Have fun! Aw you're making me blush :)  Thanks for being part of such a great crowd! Thanks! Thank you! Thanks! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thanks you did a great job! Thank you for the opportunity! Thank you! Thanks - he's so quotable :) Thanks! You guys were a great crowd. Thank you! Our homepage logo today celebrates Heinrich Hertz! @DellBizWomen Thank you! I'm irrationally happy that Shamrock Shakes will be available at any and all McDonald's this year... :) Charlie, I thoroughly approve!  :) Jessica Lee (@jesskah) is the new CEO of Polyvore - so proud of my friend and former co-worker.  Congrats, Jess! And another pic showing the epic snowfall! Greetings from snowy Davos Switzerland where they have the most snow they've had since 1952!  That's me 5'8" next Check out - news feeds for any topic!  Join for early access, I'll b doing an onstage interview at the Computer History Museum 2night s. Google's Marissa Mayer. Any questions? Excited for #CES and this afternoon -“@cnetfans: Women in Tech panel with today 5 PT.” Check out the eco-tastemaking of on! Excited for one of my longest running angel investments, GSN (now Natera), on their next steps and funding. Congrats! Thanks for all the advice & pointers; I wanted to hear from people who actually owned/used the devices.  HP CM1415, it is! Laser jet, color, with copying, scanning, faxing capabilities... Can anyone recommend a good home office laser printer? @caviarrusse They did - thanks! Discovered cafe/restaurant in New York (Madison between 54th and 55th second floor).  #love Something missing on Google Maps?  The Mapmaker team just launched a new UI to make edits even easier.  Check it out: Fun with!  They had me pick my favorite holiday gadgets this year: Portland gets!  Congrats on the launch :) Excited to welcome the CleverSense team to Google!   #serendipity Need a new wireless router at home - suggestions?  It needs to have support for 20+ connections and good range in terms of distance. At the launch party!  Congrats, guys! (@ 111 Minna Gallery w/) Google Maps for Mobile maps the indoors!  Navigate inside airports, malls, transit stations, IKEA, Home Depot and more: Happy Thanksgiving!  Here's a fun video based on Google Streetview from my friend: Hole 16 :) (@ Hualalai Golf Course) Stanford band vs Cal #gostanford #gottalovelsjumb Red-eye to Chicago. calls coast-to-coast overnight flights red-eyes and coast-to-midwest overnights (ORD, MSP) 'black eyes'.  :) Kittos! @otherlab was nice to meet you too!  And at a pipe organ factory of all places ;) Here is the interview with Martha Stewart from Friday - thanks for the questions! Honoring amazing Nobel Prize winner Marie Curie with today's logo! At for the annual pancake breakfast.  School has made amazing progress! Tomorrow, I'm interviewing !  What should I ask her? Video doodle!  Our Halloween logo is a video of the doodlers carving 6 1000+ lb pumpkins into the Google logo. Ed Lee. For SF Mayor. Do It Now. Video with me and:    #fearthestache Finnish saying - nothing is more permanent than 'temporary' - #howtrue A fitting tribute to Mary Blair on our homepage - I love her art and design sense - it's a small world! Yep, it's true - hei! @CupkatesTruck   The caramel apple is to die for! Thanks!   Good meetup with Mayor Ed Lee in SF last night. Interesting ideas, he's on the right track. Check out our interactive claymation tribute to Gumby (and its creator Art Clokey) on the Google homepage: On, Wisconsin! :) And for dessert Cupkates caramel apple cupcake (wow!) and the Peter's Kettle Corn (which also comprised my breakfast this a.m.) ;) CurryUpNow's deconstructed samosa, LittleGreenCyclo's sweet potato tater tots, PicaPicaMaizeKitchen's Pernil (pulled pork) sandwich Friday nights at Fort Mason. It was super fun!  I'll definitely be back :) @sfcarts The kettle corn was a great way to end the night and remains a good snack/breakfast this a.m. ;) @sfcarts CurryUpNow's "deconstructed samosa" was one of my favorite things of the night - thanks for the recommendation! Thanks!  The Honey Vanilla Bean was to die for! @sfcarts I missed this one, but thx for teh recommendation - I'll definitely try it when I go back! @womensphere Thank you for coming to my talk! Thank you! I'm really honored to be recognized alongside so many amazing women :) Excited for SF's Off the Grid (@sfcarts) tonight - the food truck round up at Fort Mason.  Been there?  Any food trucks I shouldn't miss? Excited to see you later today! Fun discovery of the morning - Duane Reade carries Kerastase(!) products - yay! Happy 13th Birthday, Google! We have a whole sequence of photos of that - it was amazing and Ron was clearly having so much fun :) My wedding cake maker (and friend!), Ron Ben-Israel (@rbicakes), landed himself a TV show! Watch #sweetgenius Thursdays on the Food Network. Thanks for the invite - unfortunately, I have a conflict.  Thanks for thinking of me, though! Most flattering thing in 2011 (and perhaps ever) - Naomi Watts was mistakenly identified as me:   #ionlywish Our logo celebrates Jim Henson, with interactive puppets!  We launched early so people could play on Friday :) Google+ sign-ups now open to all! I watched Big Bang Theory (@BigBang_CBS) for the first time last week and I'm hooked!  Congrats to Jim Parsons on his well-deserved emmy :) Congratulations to on their Series C round and great progress in 2011! and I love, new restaurant on our block. Great burgers, Strauss soft serve, and packaging is compostable! Minor miracle - found time to get a haircut on a Thursday afternoon!  First time in 5 months... On a plane, flipping through the paper, and our deal is on the front of the biz section! :) Just saw my friend Lauren Gunderson's phenomenal & hilarious play "Exit, Pursued by Bear" theater. See it! h ... Celebrating with, and the and Google teams! (@ Le Bernardin w/ 3 others)  ... Acquisition announcement haiku:  Delightful deal done; Zagat and Google now one; foodies have more fun!  #gogooglelocal A nice write-up from my friend and mentee Susan Mashibe (@imashibe) about our time together in May: No just deleted and retweeted since I (mis)spelled Freddie with 'y'... We'll be running our Freddie Mercury 65th birthday logo (a video doodle) tomorrow in the U.S. :) It's up now! Yes, sorry - was a mistake!  Deleted and I fixed my default on FSq. My team's annual 100-Mile Month Challenge written up on's blog:  All in, we walked nearly 30,000 miles! Congrats to, VP, challenging employees to walk more than 100 miles.  ... Wow - thanks for the pointer!  I'm hiking up there today :) The Matterhorn!  From my hike today :) Congratulations to the Google Related team - launching today! Among the first of our endeavors in contextual discovery: 2:33 - not my best or my worst but given that I didn't train and I walked the hills - I'm happy! Congrats on the full!  And, yes, a huge thanks to those lining the route and cheering! I've walked one, but as says half marathons have as much in common with marathons as peanut butter does with butter. Ran/walked the first half of the SF marathon this morning - the route really showcases the best of the beautiful city we get to live in! SFChron feature on the amazing philanthropy of &! (raised & distributed 100% of $30m over 6y)  ... The National Geographic Bee World Championship was at Google today, hosted by Alex Trebek, the Russia team won!  Congrats to all :) That is very weird... :/ If your laptop doesn't have an accelerometer (not all do) then we just default to the spinning (no way to sense the tilt) Really?  That's what I'm using.  Try clicking on the mobile and drag it. Two notes on Calder: click and drag to put the mobile in motion, rock your laptop side to side and it behaves gravitationally correctly. Yes, that is the coolest part!   Don't mind me. Just shaking my laptop to make the mobile move. The shadow is under the search box and buttons. The amazing Alexander Calder logo is up!  It's a simulation of an actual working mobile - also, note the shadow ;) Mary Meeker of releases new presentation with audio commentary on #usainc report. View it here: www.kpcb.com/usainc #usainc Cool!  I'm sure we'll get the chance to meet in person at some point then - welcome! Thanks for watching!  Hope I got you interested in Latitude :) @MarthaStewart Thank you! My Favorite Mistake: #Google's on the day she broke the #Internet, by.  ... My interview with Martha Stewart airs tonight on the Hallmark channel.  Backstage pic atached! the "mesh" like backs of those were inspired by the golden gate bridge! I have one at home #bestworkchairever Yep! Conference room filled with my friend Yves Behar SAYL chairs.  So comfy!  Notice the Y shape on the back... Previewed what I think will be Best PIcture 2011 - The Help. Amazing story, cast. Rooting for director, Tate Taylor! Welcome!  I met at in February - right away, I as impressed and felt you guys would be a great addition :) I love Jiji's angry panda - he's so cute and so mad at the same time - cool to see Hi Panda beginning to take off! My mom found (and paid) an artist using at the art fair in Seeley, WI (population 800) - Wow!  So fun to see it spreading :) Chicken-off!! Digging the NestRest by Dedon and wondering if I should get one to hang in the big tree in the backyard... Wonderful profile of Marcin, our doodle designer/engineer who developed  behind PacMan, Martha Graham, and the Crushinator... goo.gl/ZBTfZ Thx!  Great story about and other women in tech helping OTHER women in tech get ahead: Proud to be part of's new Women in Tech series.  Thanks! I checked in to create the Cable 4th of July parade - not only was it already here but with 2 ppl checked in! Picked up on the flight home - really liked it - a fun cross of US Weekly, People, and Town And Country but more European... I'm at iHub (Bishop Magua Centre, Ngong Road, Nairobi) w/ 2 others Excited for the iHub tonight! #firechat (@ iHub w/ 5 others) [pic]: We'll be hosting Google's in a fireside chat, tomorrow at 6:30pm at RSVP: Google Internet Bus at Railways Girls High School in Hyderabad India I'm at Railways Girls School (Secunderabad) [pic]: The very talented Takashi Murakami has created our homepage doodle in celebration of the first day of Summer: I'm honored (and surprised!) to be on Vanity Fair's annual Best Dressed poll --  please vote and help me make the list! Thx,!  Google's on investments in women-run start-ups,,: I'm so jealous!   Proud to have seen Spiderman The Musical when it was a train wreck and not a boring mediocrity. we are actually getting live imagery from slooh.com (thanks,!) Yes - it finishes when the eclipse finishes :)  But you can replay progress to date. Google logo has live imagery of today's total lunar eclipse.  You can play it backward and forward with the slider. Today we are 6: Happy Birthday and Anna Wintour's 5-Word Speech last night: "Sometimes geek can be chic"  #webbys :) A permanent home for the Les Paul strummable logo: Working on this.  Hopefully we'll be able to announce it over the weekend. Yesterday's Les Paul doodle was so popular, we're leaving it up for an encore today :) Something i love? That people are making alphabet tabs for your keyboard to play songs on the #googledoodle. LOL. #Hum ... @Ihnatko It is for users in the U.S.  You see a button where the descender of the lower case 'g' normally is.  Press it, it records. There is!  A total of about 5 people, led by the very talented Ryan Germick!  In fact, they can all be seen in Chaplin doodle :) @Ihnatkodoodle There is - it's here: Thank you! Our first ever recordable, musical doodle (in honor of Les Paul's birthday)!  Kudos to the Doodle team :) Amazing!  German State Dinner tonight in the White House Rose Garden - an absolutely perfect night... Crazy - there was too much good stuff - I'll need to fly Virgin again just to go back, have Pinkberry and more.  Enjoy NYC! The new Terminal 2 at SFO (Virgin, AA) is the nicest airport I've ever been in - stunningly beautiful!  Even has a Napa Farmers Market... It just might be right now - usually it's faster, but I'm seeing some stalls/high load times too... Congratulations to my sister-in-law on the launch of! Flash sales for the eco-friendly - Today on Google.com - Richard Scarry - one of my favorite authors growing up! Anish Kapoor's Ascension (creates a funnel of rising water vapor) in Basilica San Giorgio Maggiore, Venice @imashibe Thanks for having us, Charlie! Fri 5/27 -  Eric Greitens, former U.S. Navy SEAL  / Nobel Laureate Michael Spence / Susan Mashibe of TanJet & Marissa M ... Great new search feature for flights, now searches like "sfo to nyc" get a complete flight schedule - really looking forward to having this! Thank you! @heiko Thank you!! Thank you! Thank you! From to, tonight's Most Powerful Women dinner to focus on mentorship:  # ... Android Zoetrope! At the Maker Faire Thanks! Thank you!  Was really fun :) Matteo joined on the Today Show this morning to talk about his winning doodle: Thank you!  Yesterday was so much fun with our 40 regional finalists in our NYC offices! Thank you!  It was amazing - Debbie Harry and an original Ellsworth Kelly - wow! Plus, Debbie Harry sang :) Then, the American Art Award gala tonight with my family and the Doodlers.  An Ellsworth Kelly stunner was the award!! Huge day in NYC today - Matteo Lopez, age 7, won Doodle4Google!  His logo is on the homepage now - They have it on YouTube now:   I start at the 40' mark - thanks! Thank you & congratulations! Thanks!  Was fun to visit Harvey Mudd on such a special day :) Thank you! Thanks for coming - especially late on a Saturday afternoon! It was really fun! Congratulations to Harvey Mudd class of 2011 - excited to be your commencement speaker today! Just got done doing a parabolic flight with my mentor. I would do it over and over again! It was so much fun ... Excited to be talking at this afternoon!  A little intimidated to be after... Inside the Zero-G plane!  @ SJC Headed for the Zero-G this morning! Sorry - it wasn't me - I was there Tuesday but not today.  Hope you enjoyed I/O! Pretty psyched about Lufthansa adding an A380 (!) to its SFO-Frankfurt route -  - surreal to see that plane at SFO... Here's a great write-up from the Martha Graham Center on the dance references in today's Google logo: Today, we honor dance and choreography legend Martha Graham with a beautiful logo animated by Ryan Woodward. Thanks - but I was actually speaking at the women's conference across the street - Thor couldn't do that one ;)  Enjoy I/O! I hope you like the Places API - send us feedback... Sorry - I had a conflict - we updated most materials but missed a few - I was in the back for the latter part.  Thor did a nice job! Thanks for coming though - hope you like the Places API! Sorry! I was double-booked in the women's conference across the street, so Thor covered it since he couldn't do the women's one ;) Thanks - hope you had a good day at the conference! Little Miss Sunshine and Mr. Bump are among the 16 Roger Hargreaves doodles today  see them all at Watching Geena Davis & Jennifer Newsom talk about womens representation in media after screening of #MissRepresentation. ... Doodle honoring the World Fair today - mouse over the logo to zoom in! Enroute to the TriBeCa film festival - first time! A perfect New York night - room temperature outside... The more girls in a classroom, the better both genders perform All in a night's crepe-making... I'll be interviewing Tina Fey from HQ on Wednesday.  Submit your questions now at   www.youtube.com/atgoogletal ... Google Map Maker for the U.S. is live - add places, make edits and fixes right on the map - congrats to the team! I love - it's really impressive and I'm totally hooked - congrats to the team on 25 million users! Thanks to the guys at Melt! @ 700 Columbus for staying open late and getting some late night interlopers our fondue fix!  'Twas amazing! :) Launch party - Congrats to the Qwiki team! (@ Qwiki w/ 16 others) Good catch - fixed - thanks! Our doodle team, the artists who draw our special logos, turn silent film actors in our logo honoring Charlie Chaplin! I sit in AWE every time I use my app it's freaking FANTABULOUS!!!! #LoveIt What is the best piece of advice that you've ever got?  #bestadvice The advice? Don't look for the "right" answer. There's a lot of good choices and then there's the one you pick, commit to, and make great. My essay in Kate Couric's "Best Advice I Ever Got" is about my decision to go to Google and how to approach choices. Nathan Myhrvold's new cookbook - six volumes! A test instagram photo - my robot dog Rover Hey SF sushi lovers, which is better Ryoko (@zackbogue's fave) or Ozumo (mine! :) )? Seen on a sign -- 2/3rds of the people who have ever reached age 65 are alive today -- can that be right? Sundaes on a Sunday!   (119th anniversary of the Ice Cream Sundae) 200th birthday of Robert Bunsen of the Bunsen burner:  - the faster you move the mouse the more the flame heats up! Interesting story behind Clinique - in 1968, Estee Lauder decided to create their own biggest competitor:  (page 2) Hearing Leonard Lauder speak at the FT Summit last June was one of the highlights of my year -- as was meeting Fabrizio (CEO) this January Inspiring NYT article on Estée Lauder:   - I have so much respect for the company and their philosophy Am following you now - DM me! Sure, I'm following you so you can DM me. Yep - I know where I was and look forward to seeing the panoramas :) I wish!  I didn't think of it #caughtupinthemoment We're rolling it out country by country, so hopefully will be there soon. Or-on-a-plane :) :) I haven't seen a Chauffeur car out and about yet - hopefully that will be my next sighting! I should have! An unintended consequence ;) I was so surprised and excited to see it that I probably forgot! This morning, I encountered a Google StreetView car on my way to work - I see them everyday, but it was fun to see our project "in the wild" Thanks, it was fun!  Happy belated birthday to :) Absolutely - I'm following you now so you can DM me. Honored to be included with Steve Jobs and JK Rowling in this piece on best advice:  Thanks,! @fbouchez  Thanks! An honor to be included in this! @gszymczak   Thanks!  A humbling honor to be included with and. @ellenbeldner It's great - an honor to have such an exhibit debut in SF! I'm following you now so you can DM me. OK, I'm following you now so you can DM me. I'm following you now so you can DM me. I'm following you now so you can DM it to me.  Thanks! That's so nice of you - I'm eager to try them!  You can send them to Google (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA). OK, I'm following you now, so you can DM me. Always fun to hear from a Wausau West grad - I'm following you so you can DM me. Good luck to Chase - Doodle4Google is a really fun contest - always great to see what the students come up with! It was great to meet you, Christy - good luck with the film and thank you for a great session of Filmmakers@Google! I'm following you now so you can DM me. Absolutely - I'm following you back so you can DM me. Done :) Great!  I'm following you back so you can DM me. I'm following you now - send me your resume! Following you now.  Let's chat via DM. Following you now. I'm following you now. We've got a number of locations - am following you now so we can DM. I'm following you now, so DM me. Following you now - let's chat via DM. I'm following you now, so let's chat. Absolutely - send me your resume! :) Sure - that's applicable - I'm following you now, so DM me. I'm following you now, so let's chat via DM. I'm following you now - send me your resume! I'm following you now so you can DM me.  Thanks for replying! I'm following you now so you can DM me.  Thanks for replying! I'm following you now so you can DM me.  Thanks for replying! I'm following you now so you can DM me.  Thanks for replying! I'm following you now so you can DM me.  Thanks for replying! I'm following you now so you can DM me.  Thanks for replying! I'm following you now so you can DM me. I'm following you now so you can DM me. I'm following you now so you can DM me. I'm following you now so you can DM me. @deyoungmuseum It's a beautiful exhibition - glad you liked it! Graduating with a CS degree this spring?  You're brilliant and we're hiring Associate Product Managers ( - DM me. Thank you!  Happy Birthday to Harry Houdini!   I love today's Google doodle. I wish there was a Google doodle everyday! :-) My favorite moment of talk (35' mark) - best piece of advice? If you don't have any shadows, you aren't standing in the light. The HD will be up soon. Gaga was super generous with her time - the interview was 73 minutes!  Headed to her concert now, will tweet some highlights later tonight. Today I got to interview at - it was even more surreal than it sounds!  Here's the video: Thought-provoking article by my friend Aileen (@aileenlee): Just interviewed about her directorial debut #NoWomanNoCry - looking forward to the debut on on May 7 It's from the book, SuperCrunchers.  Here's a webpage on it: Google Logo & "Pegwoman" Celebrate 100th Anniversary Of International Women's Day @BMWActiveE  Thank you! 