"He put his arm on my neck. I don't know what English media want to do. They might be angry because of what I did against them in WC"-Suárez Will always try to bring you the best and latest news and vines about Messi so Follow us . "No matter who wins Ballon d'Or, Messi is the best. I know it, you know it, your neighbors knows it." -Ivan Rakitić Throw back... Unreal control from Messi.. Simply the best.. Some(Madrid) media are reporting that Suárez bit Demichelis. Absolutely rubbish. Here is what actually happened.

 .. You have to love him. What a photo.. 
9, 10, 11
Suárez, Messi and Neymar.. Suárez's second goal. Brilliant team work and a superb finish from El Pistolero! 32 passes led to that goal 'Playing against Stoke is difficult than playing against Barça' Jordi Alba: “Messi had a great game and once again showed why he is the best.” 👌 Messi sending Silva back to Valencia. Selfie Best European kits for the next season.  Real Madrid's is class!  fav? Man City fans with a Messi banner today.. Weird. The best goal scorer
The best playmaker
The best assist maker

The best player of all time

Lionel Messi His smile is everything for his fans - Such a legend. Captain Get up you legend, we can already see you score hattrick the next game!!

Vamos Leo A bit 2015 stats for you

Cristiano: 6 Goals, 3 assists

Suárez: 6 Goals, 6 assists

Neymar: 10 Goals, 1 assist

Messi: 14 GOALS, 10 ASSISTS But that's non of my business Saddest moment of the game No Messi :( Hard luck What are you looking at Leo??? Alves' reaction haha Messi goal is coming now.. 1-2 RT
Messi is really good at football Top Top defending from  today Look here and Learn What's a dive? Close your legs Silva 32 passes ended to the second Barcelona goal Thirty Two #FCBLIVE Luis Suárez - Joe Hart's nightmare.. Heroes In 2015:

Cristiano: 6 Goals, 3 assists

Suárez: 6 Goals, 6 assists

Neymar: 10 Goals, 1 assist

Messi: 14 GOALS, 10 assists.. Half time: 0-2 "Messi is easy to defend" Kompany

First stop Alves mate :v Messi has been trolling Premier League champions all the game.. 

But he will flop in Premier League GOALS IN CHAMPIONS LEAGUE.

Messi - 75 
Man City - 45

'Stoke is harder than playing Barcelona' Said Kompany 

HAHA Messi practising with Man City defence Football from another planet TWO - 0 TWO -0 

SUAREZ Thank you Luis Vincent Kompany on playing Barcelona: "You have tougher games when you go to Stoke City."

Calm down mate SUAREZ YOU BEAUTY That CROSS from Messi - The finish from Suarez 

BARCA BARCA BAAAARCA GOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAOAOAAOAOAOAAOAOAOAL LUISITO Neymar you beauty.. Vamos GO MSN !! Its the time to shine <3 Legend !! 10 MINUTES Lets go for it Team!! Vamos Mention  in the reply box if you think he will score. Messi's boots for tonight's game.. Boys.. We are Barcelona - No matter who the opponent is MSN MSN MSN !! TEAM BARCELONA:

Ter Stegen

Alves
Piqué
Mascherano
Jordi Alba

Busquets
Rakitic
Iniesta

Messi
Suárez
Neymar

VISCA EL BARCA Goals.. Messi family 40% off tonight for these Absolute classics here from only £15 ^^ Barcelona are in town! Get kitted out in Catalan colours from just £15 here: “We are Barça, and it is our duty to fight to win everything. We don't want to end up empty-handed like last season.” Head to head Messi Aguero scored 8 goals in the UCL for City.
Messi scored 8 goals this year in the group stage. "@MCFC : 66. Goal for Barcelona. Messi clips the ball over Hart after the ball fell fortunately.Barcelona 1-0 City  " Here it is the big day... The top scorer of the UCL is back to play in his favourite  competition. #VamosLeo Messi on Facebook. "Messi is amazing" Paul Scholes Matchday: Messi is Champions League this season. 

5 games - 8 goals -2 assists Messi in Manchester 😃 D10S Messi vs Kroos and Marcelo. Pique and Messi with Cesc yesterday ❤ Top 10 most deluded fan tweets of all time. These people! Relationship goals.. Wallpaper for your phones.. The captain ❤️❤️❤️ Tomorrow 😍😍 Visca el Barca In team Barcelona we believe❤️ Roy Keane: "I look for weaknesses in Leo Messi's game and I cannot find them." Rumours says Messi and Antonella are expecting a new baby...  In 2015:
Suárez: 4 GOALS,6 assists

Cristiano: 6 Goals,3 assists

Neymar: 9 GOALS,1 assist

Leo: 14 GOALS,8 assists.. Leo and Anto.. Messi and Antonella.. Players to play for the most clubs. #1 has played for 29 clubs. Loyalty? WTF is that! You won our hearts Heroes.. A 19 years old Messi ruining the careers Canavaro and Roberto Carlos Jovetic + £60m for Pogba, LVG ready to spend £150m, Chelsea, Barca and more transfer news: Team in training today.. In Champions League

Messi: 75 goals.

Manchester City : 45 goals. Bromance. Abidal: “Messi's influence on Barça is total. He carries the team on his shoulders and allows it to live peacefully.” Ankle break. Messi.. Messi vs Company... "Messi influences me, what he does is impressive. I copy some of his plays. " 
-Neymar Messi Career stats  [ via ] Leo Messi Only Lionel Messi (11) has scored more goals than Antoine Griezmann in La Liga in 2015 (8). We must fall to get back again. Pogba to Man City, Liverpool want Dortmund star, Barcelona, Real Madrid & more transfer news: #ViscaBarca Give that ref his cheque already.. Come on Leo .. Time for the revenge and win this Can you save us once again please Messi? Come on team - Come on Leo Class assist from Alves How? 0-1 Camp Nou is heaven. Paul Scholes speaks about 2008 UCL Semi Final against Barcelona.

love this 😍 Lineup:

Bravo

Alves
Pique
Mathieu
Alba

Rafinha
Busquets
Iniesta

Messi
Suarez
Neymar

Lets win this team - Visca el Barca Messi against Malaga.. on Messi :"Imagine being that good that 41 goals is poor." Messi has scored (17) in his last 10 games at the Camp Nou in all competitions. Mascherano: I always say its difficult to compare because i feel Leo is the best & No one are right to him. #FCBlive. 37 goals:
20 left foot
14 right foot
3 headers. "My only regret is not playing more seasons with Messi." - Ronaldinho.. Demichelis: “Messi, Suarez, and Neymar are skillful. They can win a game with something you haven't seen” Rakitic: "No matter who wins Ballon d'Or, Messi is the best. I know, you know, your neighbour knows. There won't be another player like him" Messi and Maradona.👌 Messi in La Liga last season:

31 Games - 28 Goals - 11 Assists

This season:

23 Games - 26 Goals - 13 Assists 10 best friendships in Football.

10. Gareth Bale and Luka Modric

Full list here: A win today will make us go on top of the table at least for a few hours. #ViscaBarca Game day. Leo, Antonella and Thiago.. Legendary World's best U23 XI. Future superstars.

GK - Courtois
CB - Marquinhos

Full team here: Congratulations on reaching stunning one million followers 70 shades of Leo Messi.. Beautiful 

via: Barça players paying tribute to the late Tito Vilanova. 
#EternTito #TitoSempreEtern .. Today Barça's training ground was named after Tito Vilanova. CAMP TITO VILANOVA #TitoSempreEtern #EternTito .. Rakitić on Messi.. Paul Scholes on Messi #MesQueUnClub A 19 years old Messi Leo💙 Messi: “We are Barça, and it is our duty to fight to win everything.” "You woke up the beast in Messi by saying he wasn’t doing anything." -Negredo. He leads they follow. Totti: "Only one player can do the things I can't do and it is Messi! " Scary.. Sergio Ramos "Since the fist time I saw him play I've always said he surprised me, and he has done every day since." King Messi.. His smile is the best sight for us and worst sight for his haters.. 👏👏👏 ✅ Máx. goals in La Liga.
✅ Máx. goals in the Champions.
✅ Máx. goals in Barça.
✅ Máx. assists in La Liga. "We don't want to repeat what happened last year. We didn't win any title. I'm happy how things are now." - Messi.. "I'm 27 years old & not the same I was young. I'm growing & trying to take care of me. The rest, the food."- Messi.. Messi at the opening of Adidas store in Barcelona.. Experts predict the team of the year 2020. Full of surprises but class! Just different. Throwback to this day in 2012.. Messi.. This man ❤️ “The challenge was to change the image that I gave last season & to return to being the same as I was before”-Messi.. When Messi is dribbling against you.. Messi and Antonella Going head to head next week. 👏👏 10 most Iconic Football photos of the modern era. Which is your favourite?  Classics Missing Barcelona already.. Suarez on Messi "Messi plays like how I play against 15 year olds" -Landon Donovan. Never doubt the Greatness.. Javier Zanetti names his all time Greatest XI. Look at this attack. Boom! Throw back to the group stage. "Leo Messi is the best player in history of Football." Antonio Cassano These players are set to be downgraded on FIFA 15. Do they deserve it? Seems pretty harsh! The Unstoppable Trio In La Liga:

300 games
269 goals 
107 assists
23 Hattricks
6 titles 
3 Golden Boots

Beast. Dictator Cules <3 David Luiz includes himself in his dream XI. What team though! 

See here: This is football. Best ever. Imagine playing him haha Messi's passes are just out of this world. How Leo? Javier Zanetti names his all time Greatest XI. Look at this attack. Boom! Despite the players having a day off today, Messi has been at the training centre for three hours this morning. Leo leo leo... Now you see him now you don't. For Barça:
Maradona: 38 goals in 58 games
Neymar: 39 GOALS in 50 games.. The moment that changed football.. Imagine being a defender against Messi.. MSN on fire.. D10S Stop it Messi Ninjas. With 40 goals and 20 assists Messi has been directly involved in 60 goals for club and country. Love this Hat trick. Messi Suarez Neymar After Breaking all the La Liga records LFP should be called LLM. Messi on Facebook: "happy to have been able to celebrate my 300 game in the League with a victory. A hug." Family goals... In La Liga:
Gareth Bale: 10 goals
Messi's weak foot: 10 GOALS.. Leo's journey..
From 1st Liga game to 300th Liga game .. This was 42 days ago and now: 

Messi 26-28 Ronaldo

Never doubt the greatest :)  :p In 2015:
Messi: 14 GOALS, 10 assists
Neymar: 10 GOALS, 1 assist
MSN: 28 GOALS, 17 assists
Barça: 11 wins in a row.. "Messi is the best friend I have, both at Barça and away from the football pitch." - Neymar..

Photo courtesy: Boss Luisito Leo Messi's career stats in La Liga..
260 starts
269 GOALS 
107 assists
Incredible.. 15 Feb 2012: 

13 games - 9 goals

15 Feb 2015:

11 games - 14 goals Leo Messi's career stats - The greatest of all time 

via: 'Work in silence and let the success make the noise' Luis Enrique Footballers as kids. Can you guess all of them correctly?

See here:  

. Goals & assists in all competitions this season:
Cristiano: 36 Goals and 11 Assists
Messi: 37 GOALS and 18 ASSISTS.. Just for fun  😂 😂 😂 This is how you score a bicycle kick Credits: Still improving - The Greatest Messi is underrated Messi is the player with 

Most Hattricks
Most goals
Most assists

In history of La Liga and he is 27 years old. In 2015:
Bale + Benzema + Cristiano: 11 goals and 6 assists

Messi: 14 GOALS and 9 assists.. Full time: 

Neymar
Messi
Messi
Messi
Suarez Suarez haters Messi vs Ronaldo this season 'all comps'

Games: 33-33
Goals: 37-36
Assists: 18-13 

Leo is finished Luis fucking SUAREZ with the GO LA ZO This is how you score a bicycle kick mates WE LOVE YOU LUIS SUAAAREZZZZZ

MSN MSN MSN Most hattricks in history of Spanish Football

MESSI - 31 Hattricks

Another record Goals in all competitions this season:

Messi - 37 GOALS 
Cristiano - 36 Goals 

Messi is finished they said.. Messi is Football HATTRICK HERO - MESSI MESSI MESSSSSSSSI Lets do it Pessi Messi has 25 goals in La Liga this season - Only one penalty, yeah Race for Ballon d'Or 
Most GOALS+ASSISTS in 2015: 

Leo Messi 22 (13+9)
Neymar 11 (10+1)
Kane 11 (8+3)
Suarez 9 (3+6)
Griezmann 9 (6+3).. Goooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaallllllllllll goooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaallllllllllll MESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSI.. 
2nd of the night.. GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAL MESSI 

Football from another planet Race for Ballon d'Or 
Most GOALS+ASSISTS in 2015: 

Leo Messi 21 (12+9)
Neymar 11 (10+1)
Kane 11 (8+3)
Suarez 9 (3+6)
Griezmann 9 (6+3).. Messi saved football. There has never been such and overwhelming, devastating, decisive and unique player.” - Esquivel (Cuban poet) Goals in La Liga + CL + CdR this season:

Cristiano Ronaldo: 34 Goals
Leo Messi: 35 GOALS.. Happiness is He is human Messi in 2015:
11 appearances 
12 GOALS 
9 ASSISTS.. Goals? Assists? All in one GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL YOU JUST CAN'T STOP HIM OFFSIDE??? Simply the GREATEST PLAYER EVER.. RT Messi with another assist Genius of Geniuses Most goals in History of La Liga
Most assists in History of La Liga

Pure beauty Messi + Neymar = goals Today Messi plays his 300th league game for Barça.
This is when he made his first Barça 1st  appearance.. Blankets for the fans at Camp Nou.. Coz its very cold at Barcelona. On 15 Feb 2002, Messi signed his first contract for Barça.
Today on 15 Feb he plays his 300th league game for Barça.. Official Barça XI:
Bravo

Montoya - Bartra - Mascherano - Adriano 

Rakitić - Busquets - Xavi 

Pedro - Messi - Neymar.. Messi plays his 300th La Liga game tonight and 500th game for Barça (including friendlies) Magician #therewillbehaters Lionel Messi. Game day. Footballers as kids. Bet you can't guess them all correctly? In 2015:

Benzema, Bale & Cristiano: 11 goals, 6 assists

Messi: 11 goals, 8 assists.. Messi watching Messi.. Xabi Alonso names his all time Champions League XI. Is this the best team ever?! Happy Valentine's day.. Family Diego knows Ballon d'or Team in training today.. via Messi is the only player to score 100+ home goals (149) and 100+ away goals (117) in the history of La Liga. 266 goals so far.. Dybala:"I hope that one day I can play with Messi." Messi to play his 300th La Liga game on Sunday. #ThereWillBeHaters Just too good this man ^^ Since Suarez made his debut..

MSN 1- 2- 3- 4- 5- 6- 7- 8- 9- Messi top 10 goals of 2014: 
10- Leo Messi on Facebook: “I wanted to wish you all a good weekend. Thanks a lot for always being there.”.. Leo's 21 club trophies:
6 La Liga
2 Copa del Rey
6 Spanish Super Cups
3 UCL
2 European Super Cups
2 Club World Cups..  Reporter: Does Messi deserve to be called the greatest ?

Ronaldo: For sure."

End of debate The one and only.  I read at the time that Roberto Carlos actually broke one of his fingers when he fell. Not sure if it was… A 19 years old Messi breaking Roberto Carlos' ankles Hero Greatest. On this day 7 months ago, this happened.. 
One of the saddest day of my life.. Xabi Alonso's Champions league 'Dream Team' Messi, Xavi, Puyol are all including  [eurosport] Greatest Messi moment. Messi to play his 300th game on Sunday for Barcelona. Show no mercy. Messi 2010 Idol Only legend can go that far.. Hero World press' picture of the year.

We will wait for 2018 legend.. Heitinga - "I believe that I played well against Barcelona, the problem was that Messi was simply unstoppable."  Messi's goals after first 10 games of a year:

✓2015: 11
✓2014: 8
✓2013: 12
✓2012: 8
✓2011: 14
✓2010: 7.. Ronaldo's best year:
61 goals 22 assists

Messi's worst year:
58 goals 22 assists Finish him. Kane likes this 👆😂😂 Sorry A defenders nightmare When Messi is dribbling at full speed.. Messi about Barça.. Skills. Close your legs bro  Race for Ballon d'Or
Most GOALS+ASSISTS in 2015:

Leo 19 (11+8)
Kane 11 (8+3)
Ney 10 (9+1)
Suárez 9 (3+6).. Dream start to the year 2015.. 👆 "Messi I came from your planet and I want your shirt" Messi in 2015:

GOALS - 11
ASSISTS - 8

5th Ballon d'Or is coming this year.. Diego Simeone: 'Messi is alone more dangerous than Ronaldo Benzema and Bale combined'

Well said Sir Stats via: and Messi for you In 2015:
Benzema-Bale-Cristiano: 10 goals and 5 assists
Messi: 11 GOALS and 8 ASSISTS.. Messi for Barça this season: 
34 GOALS 
19 assists
2 penalties 

Cristiano for Real Madrid:
34 Goals
10 assists
11 penalties.. Messi in 2015:
Goals - 11
Assists - 8.. Almost Suarez Daddy Mathieu Messi proved it once again he just want Barcelona to win than scoring goals for himself Messi has stopped taking penalties now he doesn't like to score easy goals anymore.. Neymar missed the penalty Messi got the assist GOOOOOAAAALLL INESSTA Ter mate??? Messi in 2015:

11 GOALS 
7 ASSISTS.. Thanks Luisito Messi for Barça this season:
34 GOALS 
18 ASSISTS

GREATEST PLAYER EVER.. Ter Stegen you beast Messi 24 GOAAAAAAAAAAL LEO MESSI Messi's passes > A fan at Camp Nou with a banner: "Messi.. I came from your planet, and I want your shirt."

Awesome.. The king arriving at the Camp Nou.. Diego Maradona 54 has had plastic Surgery and he looks 30 now. Money speaks! Barcelona Lineup. 

Ter Stegen

Alves
Pique
Mathieu
Alba 

Rafinha
Mascherano
Iniesta

Messi
Suarez
Neymar

Visca el Barca Lets beat Villareal once again.. Messi vs Cristiano Ronaldo back in 2008 Thierry Henry on Leo Messi.. VISCA EL BARCA Most goals in La Liga.

Ronaldo - 28
Messi - 23
Neymar - 16

Excluding penalties.

Messi - 22
Ronaldo - 20
Neymar - 16 

#fcblive Family 👋 Messi doesn't break records he destroy them. In 2015:
Bale + Benzema + Cristiano = 10 GOALS
MESSI =10 GOALS 

One man army.. D10S The Messi evolution. Lionel Messi "The only thing I will regret in Football is the World Cup final and the chances we missed" MSN vs Real Madrid in 2015.. 
LOL.. Messi:" Wait so people actually think I am not the best?" 😂 Argentineans. Messi is Barça.
Barça is Messi. Idol Suarez: “Playing with Messi and Neymar a privilege. I just have to enjoy it and work as hard as I can.” Messi IG: "Thank you all very much" (10 million followers) Greatest of all time. Zlatan Ibrahimovic reveals his dream XI. One hell of a team but he has included himself! In 2015:

Real Madrid: 15 GOALS

Messi, Suárez and Neymar: 21 GOALS.. Messi did everything but didn't had the assist for this goal though.. Genius Leo Messi selfie.. In 2015:
Cristiano: 4 goals, 1 assist
Suárez: 3 goals, 5 assists
Neymar: 8 goals, 1 assist
Leo: 10 goals, 7 assists.. Suarez :"It is an honour to play with Messi and Neymar." "If football has a god it has to be Messi."
Eto'o Players  who have given the most assists in Europe's top leagues

Cesc 15
Messi 12
De Bruyne 11
Payet 10 Messi and Xavi Magnet In 2015: 
Messi + Neymar = 19 Goals 
Real Madrid =15 Goals.. Players to score from Messi's last 6 assists

Neymar
Suarez
Neymar
Neymar
Suarez
Neymar.. Messi for Barça this season:
•33 Goals
•18 Assists
•2720 min
•Directly Involved in 51 GOALS in 31 games
•Goal or assist every 53 minutes.. Race for Ballon d'Or 2015: 

Messi: 9 Games, 10 GOALS, 7 assists

Cristiano: 7 Games, 4 GOALS, 1 assist.. THE GREATEST PLAYER EVER.. New stadium same old Messi. Diffrent VISCA EL BARCA Messi Messi Messi Messi is Football 'Full Stop' Beauty GOAL Pedro but what Messi did is something only he is capable of.. INCREDBILE Horrible tackle on Suarez 27 years of age. Living legend. Most goals in history of La Liga? Messi

Most assists in history of La Liga? Messi MSN MSN MSN MSN MSN GOAL NEYMAAAAR Own goal or Messi? GOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAL LEO MESSI 2-1 Messi has 10 goals this year * Most assists in history of La Liga.

Messi 105-106 Figo Messi is one assist away from equalling Figo's record. ALVES is back Most goals '9' and Most assists '6' in 2015.

King This is happiness.. yeah Messi is the player with most assists in Europe this season. 

12 League Assists Messi and Suarez THE BEST TEAM IN THE WORLD FOOTBALL PORN

MESSI SUAREZZZZZ HOW?? SO Unlucky Suarez Bravo is Oxygen Hero MESSI 23 GOALS IN LA LIGA GOAOAOAOAAAOOAAOAOAOAL LEO MESSI VAMOS TEAM !! Lets win this. 10 minutes left. Messi has never lost a game for Barça in which he has scored from his right foot.
64 right footed goals in 54 games.. LINEUP:

Bravo 

Alves
Pique
Mathieu
Alba

Xavi
Busquets
Rakitic

Messi
Suarez
Neymar

Visca el Bara Messi has never lost a game for Barça in which he has scored from his right foot.
64 right footed goals in 54 games.. Messi vs Athletic Bilbao We are ready. Messi. Pique to Messi.👌 Maestro touch Rt if you think he will score today. Game day. #ViscaBarca Captain Messi MATCH DAY!

Leo Messi is the player with most NON penalty goals '21' and assists '11' in Europe this season. That's Leo Messi for ya.. Happy birthday Sergi Roberto. Arda Turan: "Best player in the world? In the world, I would say Ronaldo. Messi is from another planet." Best Friends in Football.

10. Gareth Bale and Modric

Full list here:  this Geniuses Goat. Training. Neymar: "It's always easy to play with Messi. It's a big honor for me." "Messi alone is more dangerous than Real Madrid trio Benzema, Ronaldo, Bale." Diego Simeone

Well said WE BEAT THIS ATLETICO 3 TIMES

3 Games in a row.. Most expensive squad in the history of Football 0-3 Atletico Messi:

21 goals 12 assists vs Real Madrid.

22 goals 7 assists  vs Atletico Madrid. Haters are uncountable when you're the greatest of all time. #therewillbehaters Top scorers of EU's top 3 leagues with our penalties:
Messi: 21 in 1845 min.
Cristiano: 20 in 1601 min. SCENES 2-0!! Messi this season:
30 matches
30 goals
15 assists Tiago 1-0  Real Madrid Messi:"The only thing I will regret in Football is the World Cup final and the chances we missed" Sir Alex Alex Ferguson on Messi.. Close your legs bro   Barça and Messi's Jersey for next season.. Ronaldinho and Messi.. 
Master and Pupil.. Thiago Messi. Admit it his weak foot is stronger than your best player's strong foot. Luis Enrique: "Lionel, can you go and warm-up Ter Stegen please?"

Lionel Messi: "No worries mate" That moment of joy when Messi scored.. Most non penalty goals in top 5 leagues. Zinedine Zidane names his world XI whom he dreams to coach!  hell of a team this "Messi makes me realise how shit I was!"
GaryLineker Throwback. Magical. VIDEO: Leo Messi's driver smashes his car into the wall after training today!  had one job PICTURE: Lionel Messi has got a new tattoo on his right shoulder. Not too sure if it suits him! Pinto Mascherano and Messi Messi at Neymar's birthday party yesterday. Messi in Neymar's birthday party.. Messi's new tattoo.. Idol 'The only thing I will regret in Football is the World Cup final, we had so many chances to score' Leo Messi 

:'( Trio 😍 New kit.. Still the Greatest footballer of all time.. Messi you legend! We love you. His reaction explains it all Griezmann stats: 9 games - 5 goals - 3 assists

LFP Logic Messi in January.

- 7 games - 9 goals - 5 assists
- 5 times man of the match
- Beat Atletico thrice

Player of the month:  Griezmann Happy Birthday Did you know that all these Footballers smoked?   

Woah We miss you 😜😍😂 With the birthday boy. Happy birthday Prince Neymar
If you don't consider him in top 3 best players right now then football is not for you.. Happy birthday Ney
Have a successful year ahead & keep scoring
We know you'll be in the Ballon d'Or top 3 this year.. Goals in 2015:

Real Madrid - 17 GOALS 

Messi and Neymar - 17 GOALS.. You won our hearts.. Heroes. Puyol and his girl.. 7 Top European clubs' new kits have been revealed. Who's shirt is classiest?  

. Messi has an average of 4.4 dribbles per game this season. D10S. The new kit looks Decent.. What a legend ^^ 

The best striker
The best winger
And
The best play-maker in one package ^^ That add>>> Messi with his family Piqué, Suárez, Leo, Iniesta and Neymar in the Qatar Airways commercial.. Most goals
Most assists
Most dribbles
Most through balls than any other player in Europe since 2009. 

Greatest Best football players of all time

1. Messi
2. Lionel
3. La Pulga
4. Lionel Andres Messi... Predicted FIFA team of the year 2020: It is all in or nothing. Flying Leo. What a perfect free-kick means. “What Messi does is unbelievable. He’s the best in the world, and that’s why I sometimes try to copy aspects of his game." - Neymar.. : “Who said his right foot was weak?” Breathtaking . PICTURE: Neymar Jr. in Barcelona's new home kit for the next season. Stunning, our best one yet! Neymar is set to overcome Eto'o as Messi's best partner. Messi vs Ter Stegen.. This is brilliant ^^ Messi has no weak foot. The best family. Tata Martino:"Messi's worst game is equal to the other players best game." Mind blowing. On a class on his own... :-) Goat. The impossible is nothing. Official La Liga team of January
Messi, Piqué and Alba are the three Barça players included.. Luis Enrique: "Leo, can you go and warm-up Ter Stegen please?"

Lionel Messi: Most goals in 2014-2015 without penalties Messi 32
Neymar 29
Cristiano 28
Lacazette 20
Alexis 20
Aguero 17.. King Let them talk. #therewillbehaters The hottest heat map there is. [This is Messi's vs Villarreal.] Remember? 😍 King The Greatest Huge Transfers could happen in next 5 hours: D10S. The only way to stop Messi. Fb Messi: "Happy Birthday Gerard Piqué, hope you have a great day celebrating!" [leomessi] 10 Worst Football fan tattoos. These are weird!  Barcelona's new world class and revolutionary 2015-16 kits. Perfection!  do you think? Messi's new possible boots. Messi for Barcelona in 2014/15:

30 apps
32 goals
15 assists. Messi this season has more goals with his weak foot,from free kicks & from outside the box than Ronaldo. Messi has scored 30 non penalty goals this season. The real meaning of: Happiness is seeing Messi scoring Happiness is, seeing Messi score the winning goals.. See you later bro Boys.... Barcelona is the only team in top 5 leagues with two players with 12+ league goals this season: Messi 22, Neymar 15 Race for Ballon d'or 2015.

Ronaldo: 4 goals and 1 assist

Neymar: 8 goals and 1 assist

Messi: 9 goals and 5 assist Play Football the Messi way - The Greatest Leo Messi. Never ending Rivalry.. Top 7 European clubs' kits for the next season. Who's kit is the classiest? See here: FT: BARÇA 3-2 VILLARREAL 

NEYMAR GOAL
RAFINHA GOAL AND ASSIST
MESSI GOAL AND ASSIST
SUÁREZ ASSIST Visca el BARCA Messi form the stands Messi goals this season.

Left Foot 12-08 Right Foot Referees against Barcelona be like.. That's a Red and a Penalty you blind Liga Referee Messi's 

Dribbling
Passing
Finishing
Vision

Pure Class Suarez has got 11 assists this season already... 

We love you Luis !! WE ARE BARCELONA !! There are two types of players in the world. 

Leo Messi and the rest MESSI MESSI MESSSSSI HATS OFF YOU LEGEND GOAAAAAAAAAAALLALALALA MESSSI Beauty.. Get in now GOAAAAL RAFINHA 

THANK YOU You had one job Pique 1-2 YES Messi once again involved in every Barcelona attack. 

The best duo celebrate the equalizer.. Here is the goal GOOOOOOOOOOOALL NEYMAR 0-1 Suarez just needs that touch of luck and he will start scoring.. Messi is more than just amazing.. Messi too quick BARCA BARCA BARAAACAAAAA Lineup: 

 Bravo

Alves
Pique
Mascherano
Alba

Rafinha
Busquets
Iniesta

Messi
Suarez
Neymar

VISCA EL BARCA On this day in 2009, Lionel Messi scores Barca’s 5000th goal in La Liga in a 2-1 win over Racing Santander. Arda Turan about Messi.  [via ] Small reminder. Fb Messi: "Today we have an important match to keep fighting for La Liga title." [leomessi] Kobe and Messi. A must want already 👆👆😍😍😍 Argentina’s new home kit. Aguero on Messi. VIDEO: Zlatan rips a poor Journalist to pieces asking 'Oh you know Football better than me? Football Love this... MSN to score today..

VISCA el BARCA “Messi is the best player on the planet and he keeps on improving at Barça, the best team in the world." - Djokovic on Messi in 2012.. "Only two players can dribble and run in closed spaces better than Hazard; Arjen Robben and of course Leo Messi" - Thierry Henry.. "Leo Messi will remain the best player in the world until he retires." - Sergio Agüero.. Young Messi.. Life Messi driving a similar Cadillac to U.S President Barack Obama.(Obama's car on the left).. Ronaldinho and Messi.. Only one Messi This is hilarious 😂😂😂 Leo Messi in 2015.

- 7 Games
- 8 Goals 
- 5 Assists 

Most goals and most assists this year so far. Legend For your phones 😍😍😍 Brilliant wallpaper.. Halilovic just scored this Training today.. Ronaldo gets lost in Barcelona triangle An ordinary boy to the Greatest of all... Neymar celebrates like Messi to pay tribute to his idol Leo Messi.. Messi's new boots.. The Greatest dribbler.. Pep Guardiola said it best when he remarked: “When Lionel Messi has a bad game, it is my fault.” Did you know? Captain...  The evolution of football... "How to defend against Leo? Just try not to be appointed for the job (laughs), that’s the best solution.”- Iniesta.. Since Cristiano joined Real Madrid:

Messi: 305 Goals, 108 assists

CR7: 288 Goals, 75 assists.. Then and now.. Reporter: 'How to stop Messi?'

Thiago Silva: 'I will need a gun' This rivalry >>> Argentina's new home jersey for Copa America 2015. A must want this > All time stats.
Messi: 
- 551 Apps 
- 430 goals.
Ronaldo:
- 718 Apps 
- 463 goals. Messi vs Vidic Memories Mes que un club. Legend Gold Suarez on Messi #therewillbehaters "For me,the best in the world is Messi because I think he is the player that can make a difference in any game."Tello Show no mercy. Congratulations Pique. New boots? Deadly. Happiness Pique's father confirms that Pique's second son has been named Sasha. 
Sasha is a Russian baby name, meaning  "Defender of the people.." Legend Leo Messi Stadiums where Messi has scored most away goals:

Bernabeu 12
Calderon 9
Riazor 9
Mestalla 7
Alfonso Perez 7.. Congratulations and on the birth of your son.. Messi and Ter Stegen. Going past him like if he wasn’t there. For your phones 😊 Many thanks for all the RTs, mentions and support. We are 350,000 now

Visca el Barca Messi on Facebook : "Come on team!" There is nothing you can do you are facing the best team in the world.#ViscaBarca Dancing feet Luis Suarez has already got 10 assists for Barcelona. BEAST Love this quote from Diego Simeone ^^ Killer counter attack Team 😍 In 2015 so far... MESSI, NEYMAR and SUAREZ 17 Goals  Nothing can stop us. Alba's run for Neymar goal.. So Quick. If you rearrange MESSI, you get SEMIS 

We are through to the semifinals of Copa Del Rey.. Performance in 2015:

Cristiano 4 goals 1 assist

Neymar 7 goals 3 assist

Messi 8 goals 5 assist .. "Messi alone is more dangerous than Real Madrid's attacking trio Ronaldo, Benzema and Bale." Diego Simeone When someone says Cristiano is better than Messi Lucho 3-0 Simeone Lucho looking for his haters like.. Idol
Love
Leader
Genius
Captain
Savior
Play-maker

Legend WE ARE IN SEMIS OF THE COPA DEL REY Barcelona win their third game against Aletico this season.

Atletico won 3 games against Real Madrid. Goats. The best duo in the world. TER TER TER Stegen VIDEO: Arda Turan attacks the linesman wIth his boot and then asks for it. WTF! Beating Atletico Madrid for the third time this season - WE ARE BARCELONA 'European defenders will break Neymar's legs' 

Okay... Calm down Torres Breaking ankles... Finished it like Neymar MSN on top of the world. HT: 2-3 Beautiful Tsunami Football - This time Messi Alba Neymar NEYMAR THE PRINCE Own GOAL haha - See ref when you fuck things up BUSQUETS !!!! SERGIO BUSQUESTS Okay... OUTSIDE THE BOX REF??? That Linesman is a Real Madrid fan Argentina Uruguay Brazil This season is OURS- COME ON TEAM NEYMAR IS THE MAN Messi Suarez Neymar

MSN MSN MSN NEYYYYYYYYMAAAAAR The man VISCA EL BARCA Kit of the King. LINEUP:

Ter Stegen

Alves
Piqué
Mascherano
Alba

Busquets
Rakitić
Iniesta

Messi
Suárez
Neymar

VISCA EL BARCA #ViscaBarca Messi in Madrid.. RT Messi in the last 4 games: 4 MOTM, 7 goals and 3 assists. Unstoppable. #therewillbehaters OFFICIAL: The footballers with the highest IQ. Not all footballers are clueless! This will be the end of football. Neymar and Messi : 52 games, 50 goals, 23 assists. “Messi will always be the best. People compare him to Mardonna, Pele, and Cruyff…Cristiano is only compared to Messi.”-Stoitchkov Suarez would have been banned for atleast 15 games.. Only 2 games ban for this Atletico in training this morning.. Neymar and Messi together this season.. 

El dúo mágico.. Since 2004, Leo Messi is the only player in Europe to reach 3 digits of goals '264' and assists '104'. 

Greatest. Top 10 Footballers with Highest IQs: Let's win this. Messi has scored 7 of his last 8 goals with his left foot the other one was with his head. Game day . #VamosLeo Pep❤ Messi is Barça.
Barça is Messi.... Most Successful dribbles in the Liga since 09-10:

Messi 860
Cristiano 390 South Americans.  “Messi, Neymar & Suárez are excellent players. It's well understood. Messi is the best player on the planet.” - Giménez (Atlético).. 21 Liga goals Messi this season: Left foot 12 - Right foot 7 - Head 2 Messi has scored more goals for Barcelona (385) than the entire current Barcelona squad combined(365). "We'll give everything on the pitch against Atletico to reach the semifinals" - Messi Credits: < Top account Messi vs Madrid teams.. There is no stadium in which Messi played 2+ Liga games without scoring any goal. Most Liga goals this season. 'Excluding penalties'

Messi 20-20 Ronaldo The TRANSFER news Manchester United didn't want to hear  #MUFC Zinedine Zidane: "Cristiano and Messi are ahead and the rest are behind. The Ballon d'Or goes to who deserves it." The difference. New boots Donato (ex-Deportivo): "Neymar can reach Messi's level? Very difficult. Leo is the best. And Neymar doesn't think about that either." At his age Messi is the most caped player for Barcelona. CONFIRMED! FC Barcelona will tour the USA and Mexico this summer. Messi vs Cristiano Ronaldo 2015: 
Apps: 6 x 6 
Goals: 8 x 4 
Assists: 5 x 1 😂😂😂 "If you have a good relationship on and off the field it will have a positive impact on the performance.” - Neymar on working with Messi.. "The greatest footballer I've ever played with or against? Against Messi" - Chicharito.. Liverpool star to join Chelsea, Man United ready to pay £120m, Real Madrid and more here: Neymar: "Neymar-Messi-Suárez best trio in the world? I don't know but we seem to be causing defenders many problems." We miss you Titi. The best is yet to come. Messi vs Elche. Goodbye legend you will be missed. Leo Messi.👌 Messi on Instagram. PICTURE: Leo Messi mocks Dani Alves for his new pair of shoes. Weirdest thing you'll see today! “Messi is the greatest, the best in the world.” Juan Román Riquelme Magic. In their first 354 official games:

L. Messi: 222 goals
Neymar: 212 goals
C. Ronaldo: 128 goals  Cristiano Ronaldo telling his son to say 'Hello' to Lionel Messi. Team 😍 All smiles.. #5 is coming this year.. For you, haters.. Abidal : " Messi is very discrete and anonymous in the lockers. He talks on the pitch." The reaction of every keeper after facing Messi. 55% of Barça's goals. This picture is football. Forever. The only player who could compete with Leo is Leo him self. Journalists pick the team of the year 2020 and It's class!   

. Lionel Messi has been involved in 45 Barcelona goals this season. 
31 goals
14 assists "Although he may not be human, it's good that Messi still thinks he is." - Javier Mascherano Squad goals. There are things in life that you can't deny:
The sky is blue.
The winter is cold.
Messi will destroy your team. The Greatest of all.. Messi's complete La Liga stats this season.. The best in the world. Neymar and Messi.👌 King “Just hearing the name Messi, I tremble. He's scarier than Cristiano and Diego Costa combined.” - David Lomban (Elche defender).. Happy birthday maestro. Messi vs Ronaldo in 2015:
Cristiano: 6 games, 4 goals, 1 assist, 1 red card.
Messi: 6 games, 8 goals, 5 assists. Messi has now scored 430 goals and assisted 169 times  in 550 official career games . Leo has scored 20+ goals & given 10+ assists in La Liga for 7th & 8th cons season respectively:
23-34-31-50-46-28-21
12-11-10-18-16-12-11-10 Lionel Messi in his last 3 appearances for Barça:
GOALS - 6
ASSISTS - 3 Visca el Barca Messi for Barça 
In 2014-15:
28 Matches 
31 GOALS 
15 ASSISTS 

In 2015:
6 Matches 
8 GOALS 
5 ASSISTS Thanks Boss.. Lets keep winning. 11 YEARS with Barcelona 00 RED CARDS

Legend Messi against Elche tonight:
GOALS 2
ASSISTS 2
Chance created 4
Pass Accuracy 88%
Dribbles 2
Through balls 3 (100% Accuracy)
Red Card 0.. Messi for Barça this season:
Appearances: 28
GOALS: 31
ASSISTS: 16

GREATEST PLAYER EVER.. Best football players of all time

1: Messi
2: Leo Messi
3: Leo 
4: La Pulga
5: Lionel Andrés Messi.. #5 is coming.... Messi is averaging a goal and an assist every game this year. 

Genius The GREATEST of all time with the Future best. Different Class Messi already the top scorer in history of La Liga has now got 104 assists too. 

All time assist Record: Figo - 106 2015 stats.

6 Games - 8 Goals - 5 Assists

Messi is Football Goals this week.

Ronaldo 0-1 Pedro SIX - ZERO Messi is just like Playstation.. He makes them look so easy. WOWOW

WHAT GOAL Messi has assisted 9 Neymar goals this season.

The best duo, yeah Goal and Assist

Punch and Kick 

The difference Leo Messi is currently the top assist provider in La LIga

10 Assists FOOTBALL PORN JUST TOO GOOD "Touch From Messi was softer than a mother's Kiss' Messi GENIUS
Neymar Class

Barcelona 3-0 Messi is so cool Messsssssssssssssi Journalists pick the team of the year 2020 and It's class!   

Agree? SHAKIRAAAAA Okay stop..

Lets watch the king!!

Visca el Barca Best ever You will never be Messi Mascherano is like Oxygen for the team. Lineup:

Bravo

Montoya
Bartra
Pique
Alba

Mascherano
Xavi
Rafinha

Pedro
Messi
Neymar If you missed it. Journalists pick the team of the year 2020 and this is class.. ^^ VISCA BARCA D10S. The one and only Ribery: "The 3rd nominee shouldn't even go anymore to the Ballon d'Or gala. It's a Messi and Ronaldo party." Months with most Messi goals for Barcelona:
JANUARY (53)
March (53)
November (49)
September (46)
[Via ] "Messi is the best in the world, unbelievable. I grew up with Mardona & Messi has taken it a step further." - Lampard Happy birthday Luis Suarez. You just can't keep Leo Messi out of the headlines. Sandro Rossell (ex-Barça President): "I think Barça will never have a player like Leo Messi again." Messi is Football..  You know you are something special, when this happens.. You know he isn't human right? World's most valuable players.  Courtois: "I don't think Chelsea can buy Messi except if we sell half our team." D10S Ankle breaker. The best player in the world has now scored 383 goals in official games for Barcelona. Relationship goals.. Messi during training today. Shocking: Odegaard was forced to delete these 5 posts about Messi after joining Real Madrid! David Beckham and his sons supporting Argentina and Messi during in World Cup.. PICTURES: Lionel Messi's face is put in a box, endures the elements and is punched with grass in new ad @Neymarred   

Don't miss anything. Go give top Barcelona accounts a follow

-
-
-
- 
-
-
- Best team in the world... 😍 Happiest birthday to Leo Messi's mom. Most Goals+Assists for Barca this season:
Messi 41
Neymar 20
Suarez 14
Pedro 12
Rakitic 9
Iniesta 7
Alba 6
Rafinha 5 Mes Que Un Club Class Messi against his favourite opponents. We are with You Lucho !! Visca el Barca Messi is the only player in the history of La Liga to score 2+ hattricks against 7 different teams! FIFA world cup XI:
Neuer 
Luiz - Hummels - Thiago Silva - Marcelo
James - Kroos - Di María
Müller - Messi - Neymar Messi's favorite opponents.. BBC  vs MSN Leo Messi fixing Barcelona. Messi has 22 goals against Atletico Madrid. 14 at the Camp Nou and 8 at the Calderon. World's best. Sergio Busquets, world's best CDM, earns €60k per week

Martin Ødegaard, a 16 y/o kid, earns €80k per week

But that's none of my business.. That touch... He makes it look so easy... Messi and Antonella arriving to Milan Piqué's birthday party. They hate him because he’s the greatest ever. Let them hate, Messi will keep on winning. Messi:"Barça is my life.They have brought me to where I am today.I could not leave.My heart stays with Barcelona." Martin Odegaard was forced to delete these 5 posts about Leo Messi after joining Real Madrid! Messi on his Facebook account Dictator. Martin Odegaard.

"Ronaldo is the best player in the world."

Before joining Real Madrid: Logic... hahaha The best player in the world has now scored 383 goals in official games for Barcelona. Messi's favourite opponents. D10S. Leader Dive? WTF is that? Real Madrid's Martin Odegaard is a well known Messi fan but as soon signing for Real he already deleted this 😂 Most passionate fans in Football. Their support is Incredible.

10. Juventus

Full list: Messi dribbled passed 25 players in 2 games against Atletico.

Ronaldo 29 in 17 games in La Liga this season. Leo Messi and Thiago Messi.. Beasts. Ronaldo is better than Messi in only 1 aspect of the game - TAKING PENALTIES 
Leo is miles better at everything else. Real Madrid's new signing Odegaard's idol is Messi.. Goals without penalties this season:
Messi - 28 GOALS 
Cristiano - 25 GOALS Messi against Atlético Madrid:
Appearances: 24
Goals: 22
Assists: 4

Greatest of all time.. The kid who took pleasure in destroying Madrid. Two wins in 10 days against Atleti. 

Getting better.. Come on team!!! Messi completed 12 dribbles. 5 more than all Atlético players combined who completed 7 dribbles.. Messi's favorite opponents:
Atlético Madrid - 22 goals
Real Madrid - 21 goals 
Sevilla - 21 goals

Man for big games We are BARCELONA!!! Busquets LEGEND Messi didn't want to score from a Penalty GOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAL LEO MESSI PENALTYY Camp Nou starts chanting. Messi Messi Messiii HT Oh Suarez The man Messi everywhere.. Beautifull VISCA BARCA Players warming up! The king has arrived.. Most passionate fans in Football. Their support is Incredible.

10. Juventus

Full list: The best possible lineup.

Ter Stegen

Alves
Pique
Mascherano
Alba

Busquets
Rakitic
Iniesta

Messi
Suarez
Neymar 

VISCA EL BARCA If Barça wins and Messi and Rakitic score, I'll follow everyone who favorites this! (Must be following) Camp Nou right now.. Antonio Conte: "The only way to stop Messi is with a gun." Messi arriving at Camp Nou.. World's best #DareToZlatan The legend continues.... Messi's favourite opponents are Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid with 21 goals against each one of them. This header. Predicted lineup.

Ter Stegen

Alves
Pique
Mascherano
Alba

Busquets
Rakitic
Iniesta

Messi
Suarez
Neymar Eric Abidal reveals the Best XI he has ever played with, and its surprising. NO XAVI? Captain Xavi on Messi Leo Messi's favourite opponents.

Real Madrid 21-21 Atletico Madrid Matchday! 
Vamos Leo!
Visça El Barça Messi's 33 hat tricks. Leo Messi this season Like father like son. Messi's new boot! Touch of a magician "What I do is play soccer, which is what I like."

Lionel Messi Leo on Facebook. 