BTW the underlying factor is that it's often far more difficult, even impossible, to improve something than to replace it. @paulg And back then, $10B was a lot of money :-). One interpretation is it's a problem with SV. The other interpretation is that it's a problem with everyone else :-). OR WAS I??? Not bad for a bunch of kids running around building things that nobody wants. today, value of Bay Area co's $AAPL + $GOOG + $FB + $TWTR + $LNKD + Airbnb + Uber + Dropbox + Square + Stripe + Pinteres… A Rorschach blot that creates a cargo cult :-). apple's a Rorschach blot. People project their view of what tech should and shouldn't be Exactamundo. :-) I have to do more like this. Yep :-) That would never sell newspapers. Thanks to , I too was enlightened by John Perry's Structured Procrastination. Thank you sir! Fantastic! @jake_gold I mean, it was no Yahoo Stores, but we do what we can. Favorite new app in Yo store: get notified of a tweetstorm. @jake_gold $600M company, 3,500 employees, $4.2 billion exit. OMGOMGOMG! WHOTF NEEDS GAME OF THRONES? Clearly the better alternative. :D  via Well, I saw she was following me, so how could I resist? :-) 16 ideas from for a more dynamic US #economy: @KauffmanFDN Breaking news: Long-term investing takes a long time! I grew up in a culture where nobody negotiates for anything, except when buying a car. Quite a difference. Institutional investors have hugely shifted to short-term focus, starving long-term investment: BoE @FT Amen to that. Political and principle-agent problems dominate. Amazing to watch. Be calm, robots aren't about to take your job, an MIT economist says ~  /cc #KeepCalm Use and an ATM machine :-). Why isn't there more press coverage and analyst commentary on Apple? Seems odd for such an important company. How's Apple doing? NYT 1985: "For the most part, the portable computer is a dream machine for the few."  h/t @Vconomics Yep. And coming down further. I kind of don't get the theory that calls for paying this guy $104mm and putting him in prison for 2 years? Now that's a  change in relative living standards Evidence on Contagion in Earnings Management Long-term market share decline of the Big Three, via Goolsbee & Krueger ( HT): htt… Investigative Instagram is now a thing: Hillary Clinton paid women less than men when she was senator, analysis finds I'm not sure. Right now we try to beat it out of kids. What if we did the reverse? @prchovanec My guess is dramatic advances for hearing loss in next 10 years. @Noahpinion Pedanticer or pedanticest? :-) This is really interesting: "Is GDP Wildly Underestimating GDP?"  #2MA The difficulty of making an accurate 10-year budget forecast in one chart Contrary to what most people think about int'l. trade, it is IMPORTS that bring the greatest benefit, NOT exports Striking graph in tomorrow's FT report by and on widening generation gap Alcohol is 114 times as deadly as marijuana. David Autor & Larry Summers always worth listening to. See Summers' lucid views on jobs & skills at 1:16 of video: Highschoolers invent inflatable, drone-deployed life preserver.  #2MA "In the end, it was the audience that got snubbed." & Cieply deconstruct the Oscars Breaking: U.S. investigates at least 10 major banks for possible rigging of precious-metals markets Yes, plus many markets for "news" are not so interested in facts... Marc Andreessen's 16 ideas for a more dynamic economy: Man regains sight with help of bionic eye, sees wife for first time in 10 years People threaten New York Times reporters all the time. They’re just usually less stupid about the way they do it. Because there's no better way to make a scandal stop in its tracks than to threaten s New York Times reporter: I think this is one of the reasons there are all these smart TV shows now, actually. Much easier to write smart. Yes! And, for people who care, factual errors can be way down as well, due to Google and Wikipedia. The growth in purchasing power for minority consumers today just has to be *the* consumer story of the 21st century. Dis… My prediction is will make some career defining investments for and will become a partner sooner than later.… @sama Ebooks, blog posts, status messages, tweets, email, web sites, fan fiction, etc. etc. -- even, God help us, comments :-). @sama The renaissance of the written word sparked by the Internet has been a greatly underappreciated phenomenon. If I cd take you from constant western coverage of doom in the Middle East for one moment: this also is happening: This is kinda nuts. Much of the performance of the hedge fund industry just comes down to owning Apple. Defense Secretary: Military shouldn't deny transgender people 16 ideas from Marc Andreessen for a more dynamic US economy » AEI @polemitis (I was being ironic.) @sama Exactly. @sama Everyone's missing when I do my tweets. In between emails :-). @sama This was representative (and widely believed at the time): @sama It was widely known before the Internet that reading was dead. It would be TV for everything forever. Now I know what your house looks like. Is The Jerk the most underrated startup movie ever made? Discuss. Autocomplete fail: Gmail is suggesting the wrong email addresses This is how robots expand market for humans. An app to make a robot help patients w/ dementia. When will tech ever address the needs of real people??? Dementia care is a perfect use for robots.  Cannot be ever be staffed by humans at full levels ht Will space elevators ever become a thing? And they already have their first killer parody -- in Broad City ("Soulstice"). I did that same search on "the Internet" in 1993 and it said... hey, wait a minute... :-) @balajis (I don't say this to indicate any belief it won't work now, btw. It would be a classic case if it did work now.) Apple was down and nearly out. Now worth $750B.  I wonder what this generation's Apple will be. Message that we can address climate change through innovation brings more conservatives on board.  by… Artemis is building a 4G network in SF to prove its pCell tech works  by Yahoo CISO asked the NSA director the right, hard questions  via Untrue; overly optimistic view of attention spans pre-Internet. I was there, and they weren't great then either :-). @balajis This was always something both the mobile carriers and credit card companies wanted to do, and often tried. @balajis Concierge services have been tried many times in past, never caught. This time may be different! :-) One assumes Bitcoin is somehow to blame for this as well! "Investigating 10 major banks for rigging metals market..." Those poor people. The leverage ratio (debt over assets) for S&P-500 companies has fallen to levels not seen since at least 1990. $SPX Financial chart of the year...BUT...define assets in a digital, ride sharing world  cc The plot of Avogadro Corp: Agreed, Marc. I tell everyone, I would be a fan of_Banshee , even if I weren't part of the ca… Enough of Klarna and Spotify. Here are ten Swedish start-ups even you haven't heard of. .@pmarca I tried to replace myself w a robot. Here's my hilarious report on AI, robotics, automation, & investing. 16 ideas from Marc Andreessen for a more dynamic US economy This week (whilst taking a break from Greece) I wrote a mini essay on secular stagnation - EXPERTS' CAUTION/ Why experts are not generally pathbreakers. Max Planck: "Science advances one funeral at a time.” ht… Stephen Hawking, Alan Turing, Kip Thorne ... So very #RevengeOfTheNerds :) CEO of: Weekly online delivery sales thru Instacart have already passed the $1 million mark. #Intel repeats belief in can make Moore's Law hold down to 7nm @ #ISSCC2015 The NYC tech boom in one chart A few days behind, but still worth singing from the rooftops., all praise. Reese Witherspoon looks amazing. Good luck, girl! Here comes Patricia Arquette, and Ethan Hawke carrying Ellar Coltrane. Did you know Boyhood took 12 years to make? Tilda Swinton looks absolutely stunning tonight (Eric Gaillard/Reuters) Wes Anderson arriving for Hollywood's big night. Good luck, Wes! David Hume, most underrated economist in history. Here he is, in 1741, teaching hyperinflationists how money works: ht… 30 years ago this is how many felt about laptops. It gets worse: Venezuela's imploding economy now faces a desperate condom shortage Finally some sense.  "Tomorrow is strike of public transport. Good luck." Thanks so much for the kind words. Glad you enjoyed the FFC too! Nope! @Noahpinion Exactly. The incipient malevolent human-murdering AI inside GMail just autocompleted an address I've emailed once over one I've emailed 10,000 times. I can't help you, and I can't stop you.  RT "@tamaranopper: James Baldwin: "Find a way to keep alive and write." My 105th blog post: "A Dozen Things I’ve Learned from Don Valentine about Venture Capital and Business" is now up at One of the best pieces I've read on deep learning: interview of Facebook AI Director  via… Nonsense. SF needs more urban, organic garden space and public art that validates my identity. That’s what the … Can't believe some people interested in lowering housing costs in SF refuse to acknowledge supply and demand exists You know who else didn't believe be in supply and demand? Stalin. I bet that's not how it works out :-). @rabois Time honored tradition. @fmbutt Makes it easy to get the domain name too. The power of computing: "the common man, woman, anybody can & should tinker with technology that manages our world" “Nearly everything that is said about [digital workers ] was said about the hippies of the 1960s” "Nearly everything that is said about [techies in SF] was said about the hippies and not without good reason." Fears of inequality, alienation & loss of control around tech are not new. From  rail boom in 1845, "The Juggernaut": @davemcclure Oh yes they did :-). Phone calls: "like texting but with awkward voices, wind noise, & inability to think about what you're about to say" Happy birthday, Moore's Law! “When Exponential Progress Becomes Reality” by The plebes can F off? :-) The war for tech talent is well & truly here.
"Ford advertises as many jobs in software as many a midsized tech firm" "Nowadays one often encounters the opinion that in the sixties programming has been an overpaid profession..." Ha! Worth sharing:@DeutscheWelle article on Polish cryptologists who were the 1st to crack #enigma  … Magic! My interview with partner of and in full: The Digital Revolution Is Almost Certainly Reducing Inequality, Not Increasing It: We’ve another one of those ... What would Galbraith think about Google? Raghuram Rajan on the institutions needed for a liberal market democracy Get out, get out as fast as you can? :-) "Borderlands Books will stay open, thanks to cash from supporters" - The modern economy is an intriguing place. What happens when there is no surge pricing. The 10 x 15-foot wooden shed where “Harley-Davidson Motor Company” started in 1903 Full page interview with partner of and in today Amazing irish tech story I just published “When Exponential Progress Becomes Reality”  TL;DR --> IEEE interview with the director of the AI lab at Facebook. In depth article on the current state of AI at FB Just reread's fantastic blog archive. Unfair he's funny and a good writer in addition to everything else. @saraashleyo Steve Martin! Alexander's 'Sofware eats the world' talk.OOPLSA '96.Years before said it. The most impt software talk ever? #ROBOT TERROR/ Americans terrified of intelligent machines -- in 1930s.  HT Shorter Roubini: The economy is doomed. The economy is doomed. The economy is doomed. We must redistribute the economy's amazing gains! Re Scott Walker: When someone tries to rope you into a game of "let's you and that other guy fight", the way to win is to not play. Margins are high b/c existing moats are being milked via buybacks/cuts instead of investing … Just a devastating BuzzFeed investigation into the for-profit foster care industry  read it all Many categories of the US core have seen below-average inflation over the last year GS says no more than half of eventual impact of lower oil prices and USD appreciation is already in inflation data Two ways of looking looking at Scott Walker. One is he refuses to get into silly and pointless fights. Other is he's an adult. Records of each generation saying the next is lazy are as old as recorded history. Essentially it is "get off… Always a problem for me. Apparently strong AI not quite here yet. One of the most incredible chart series we’ve ever seen. Click, start scrolling ->  $SPY $GLD Counterpoint on tech startups and IPOs from the very smart and wise: @alexqgb Ah, I see. It is quite amazing to watch live-tweeting from the heart of the European maelstrom. I have bad news for you: You report is fake. Never was there such a moment between Jeroen and me. Sor… Report: Greek finance minister Varoufakis almost got into a physical altercation with the Eurogroup chairman @alexqgb It seems to me an awful lot of effort is being expended to avoid repeating this: @alexqgb Maybe the underlying truth is actually coming out. @alexqgb All of these countries would be better off with their own currencies, wouldn't they? This may not be the "50 Shades of Grey" review we need, but it may be the one we deserve! Is solar "the next shale?" Tech-driven price cuts make that a possibility, says Wood Mackenzie … "Google Fiber’s real accomplishment has been to deregulate the local provision of broadband." HT The Somali remittance crisis in 2 charts -- compiles the #s for. 150 death row inmates have been exonerated since 1976. Average time between sentencing and exoneration: 11.2 years The number of people exonerated for crimes they did not commit reached a record high of 125 cases in 2014 Or, alternately, correctly and justifiably representing the interests and concerns of their citizens. Chart becomes that much steeper. MT: Azerbaijan devalues manat by 34% against dollar James Galbraith shares what he learned looking at Greece's fiscal crisis from the inside for a week If A gets to deal in indirect abstractions and B is accountable for direct outcomes, A will always seem nicer than B? The other is that the member states are the ones who actually have citizens to whom they are accountable. Hm. There are two ways of looking at that. Exactly :-). Magic of line: riding w/ to female founders conf in nob hill from fidi, matched w/ 2 other ppl go… We're livestreaming #femalefounders at “Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are.” ~ Bertolt Brecht Oh also, nice touch that Hood's cam still labeled "Hood". Still keeping his real name from Sugar? Anyone else? "Damn Millennials Ruining Their Posture With Their Gadgets", Theodore Roussel, 1887 "Sometimes like Ulysses you need to tie yourself to a mast in order to get where you’re going and avoid the sirens." Quot… Given the time and effort it takes to build a 'unicorn', rhino might be a better metaphor. Scars, endurance, focus, toug… How Americans get to work:
80% drive alone
 San Juan, CO tops in carpool Interesting! How close were the GoPros to being able to be used for everything? VIRTUES OF RISK/ On risk-taking, tech, & human progress, I suggest's  and my own ht… Just read this -- may be the single most perfect Daily Mail story ever: Nice  Ryan Hoover, an unconventional power broker in San Francisco's let's-create-a-company culture What an awesome day! Both and now accepting bitcoin payments. More merchant adoption here we come! @Jason Think Cray from 25 years ago. @twobitidiot Agree. I don't know why everyone's so upset. I for one think Quentin Tarantino is a great choice to direct the "50 Shades of Grey" sequel. @polemitis But at some point one needs an actual theory for how they go from toys to real things. I don't think so. The NY prosecutor was absolutely shocked by the most recent twist. @twobitidiot I didn't say "always"! The man who invented the video game cartridge was an entirely self-taught engineer: Several studies suggest that when immigrants arrive, crime goes down, schools improve and shops open up. TECHNOCRACY FAIL/ "Tyranny of Experts". Poverty results from shortage of rights, not of expertise. #UGANDA & TECH/: Amateurs build apps to fight fetal/maternal mortality & to detect malaria. @MattZeitlin Although the current open questions are pretty fundamental questions. @MattZeitlin Yep. @twobitidiot They're all toys compared to the vision of malevolent super-AI. Legos vs atomic bombs. Yep :-). Without taking any position, it's amazing that the definition of "insider trading" is not settled after 81 years. @Robert_Graboyes It's all been tech all along, starting with fire... @twobitidiot Meh :-). Chess is a joke compared with the real world. 64 squares my butt :-). Eleven (11!) years of worry of a new tech bubble, with quotes: Thanks! Thanks! He was a genius of his time. Also interesting:  (the inspiration for Mad Men) One could also argue that it's "unbridled and careless enthusiasm" that pulled mankind out of eon… @desantis Yep. @twobitidiot See this interview with probably the world's leading expert today: @twobitidiot I don't think it will come fast. That's underpants gnome logic :-). "Magic happens!" Great podcast on marketplaces w/ & "Most decisions are not risk-based, they're uncertainty-based; you either know you're ignorant or you have no idea you're ignora… "You did it Rudy. You're back, baby ." -- Rudy Giuliani to himself tonight, falling asleep watching clips of himself in t… Wow. That's interesting. @Nivo0o0 He was there, he was just in his bassinet. Cars are one category, but such steep decline in battery prices will have a positive impact elsewhere too. How I used a $35 computer to successfully exploit the Superfish certificate Try Bill Janeway "Doing Capitalism" in the same vein. @twobitidiot Yep. Those are the ones who have been killing hundreds of millions of people in terrible wars all this time. IPO lottery? So this time is different? :-) It's just that there's no aspect of computer technology that exists today for which those concepts apply. You're not wrong :-). So far this one is tracking very close to her general model. I do, yes. @desantis Unintelligent people armed with machines have gigantic reach. @twobitidiot Exactly. Yes. There's been zero progress on inventing the kind of thing everyone is worried about in 70 years. In my view, it's anxiety ungrounded in facts. We have no idea how to make the kind of thing people are worried about. @waynep Hm, there's this new startup called Facebook that's trying to do that :-). "We know we've said it's a new tech bubble for each of the last 11 years, with only a brief pause for 2008, but this time we're right!!1!" That's not the show :-). When did you use GoPro vs Panasonic cameras? (Amazing sequence!) I tell you, if you're not watching #Banshee, you are really missing out. Uh oh :-). @semil I find the trick is to become super-motivated to do even better than them :-). Absolutely. Another "thing" that makes SF/Valley tick: peer pressure. It's all around, all the time, to the point where it's eventually unno… "[W]hen hell is quiet and there is no sign of an eruption a reporter is immediately sent to make one at any cost." Hot Tub Time Machine 2 cost $50M to make. Tell me again how Yo's seed is a sign of the apocalypse. 10/ Almost anything + everything is possible in startup world so don't let gender, race or age hold you back. Buckle u… 9/ Don't assume all VCs are old, white, misogynistic arseholes who will make a pass if you try to raise capital from t… 8/ Don't think you can't pivot if it makes sense to do so 7/ Don't assume that because you think your idea is great, everyone else will or that you will make money from day one. 6/ Don't think that, as a woman, there is no place for you in tech - quite the opposite is true 5/ Don't be fooled into thinking startups are easy, fun or the current "thing to do" ~ there's very little that equate… 4/ Don't assume all #womenintech are carbon copies of 3/ Don't watch The Social Network and assume it's real-life 2/ Don't believe everything you read in non-tech press about tech startups 1/ Don't believe everything you read in tech press Review: HP's Moonshot is flexible, manageable, amazing - InfoWorld Nice annotated markup of Eurogroup statement from pretty funny. Well done! “Fearing currency changes or capital controls,” #Greeks hide cash in “flower pots, freezers, and ...mattresses.” This is actually pretty cool from - it let's you annotate webpages @kevinroose Yep. So, is looking for 300 folks to be sponsors at $100 a pop to stay open this year. I'm in. You? Do you ? The craze is hitting quite a few college campuses - Related, story and strategy are the same thing! @balajis Ah! Yes. Never doubt that a hard can-kick can change the world. Indeed, it's the only thing that ever has. What ‘Imitation Game’ didn’t tell you about Alan Turing’s greatest triumph: interview Freeman Dyson! Why are Americans allowed to borrow hundreds of thousands of dollars before they're allowed to buy a drink? Where Greeks are hoarding euros: “Mattress, flower pots, bags with food...and other places that I won’t tell you.” Adoption of new technology since 1900 in the US

(via: "Everyone should take it easy on the robot stuff for a while.” Two teens stopped by police for going door-to-door with snow shovels, because solicitation is “technically illegal.” Youth finds a way. As has said we're about to be blown away by level of innovation in VPN/anti firewall tech posted this some time ago & again today on.  Your take also resonates in the entertainment biz. @balajis Why wouldn't that be good? Newspaper reading "a mild form of mania which needs regulation & control as much as other petty vices." NAReview 1886 Inspiring Female Founders: A collection of products from Female Founders   by Greece's new finance minister was already thinking about a variant of Bitcoin as a national currency one year ago. Product Hunt offers you the zeitgeist of tech boom every day 

Insert caption: Lunchtime Must-Read: Mike Konczal: Everyone Should Take It Easy on the Robot Stuff for a While Yahoo Finance has a new Editor-in-Chief - Andy Herbie (1968) predicts #AI "Another kind of civilization...machine starts to think it is somebody." I think so. We are coming out of very long slump. Makes sense. Larry Summers echoes: You can't have both stagnation *and* robots taking our jobs. Pick one! No, thanks! But now it's extra open source. Greece’s troubles barely cause a ripple among eurozone bonds, says  via Those sharing economy zealots are fringe characters - like BlackRock CEO Larry Fink, $4.3 trillion under mgmt. ...& this by at TC Disrupt 2010 makes so much sense now: "It's a bug that cars were invented before… I am a well known technology laggard. "Employers should pay their lower-income workers more!" Hey, look at what Wal-Mart just announced. "That's a publicity stunt!" Toyota hackathon winners aimed for drone that auto-followed a car  by A drone that automatically follows a car! View the doc I worked on w .@GeorgeElder & .@djelder featuring .@PreNavInc Actual NYT headline: Student loan debt hits all-time high at $1.2 trillion (avg balance has grown 74% in the last decade to $27k) The 1899 Car With a Full-Size Wooden Horse Head on the front | skeumorphic taken to a whole new level. The fact that you're not listed makes me wonder if you are a true technology leader. Since 2001 the number of low income countries halved. What do we know about those who graduated & those left behind? ht… "About three million of Saudi Arabia’s 5.5 million-person work force are employed by the government" @HitokiriEric Yep. And several more to come! Really interesting podcast on marketplaces: rules, scale, social, mobile... by. “All we have done to be successful for 50 years is reduce our ignorance."—Charlie Munger, Berkshire Hathaway #Lenovo: "We’re not trying to get into an argument with the security guys. They’re dealing with theoretical concerns" Top U.S. companies founded by 1st/2nd gen immigrants:

1 Apple
2 Google
3 IBM
4 Oracle
5 Facebook
6 Amazon
7 Qualcomm
8 EMC… @davealevine Future data mining algorithms will draw all kinds of conclusions about you based on those typos :-). Grunt. Go, 3D printing! Esp for kids (whose bodies are always growing and thus outgrow prosthetics routinely + quickly) Drone Racing, star wars pod style. Drivers don first person view (FPV) goggles. Let's see the unredacted version :-). agreed w/: insurance should be decoupled from companies - carrying about your job matters, medical care shouldn't b… Really enjoying 'Tech Revolutions & Financial Capital' bought on suggestion of Wondering how much it influences… #bitcoin support from moves out of beta: @amirmotlagh And occasionally someone comes from one of those Midwestern state schools. Dean Baquet says the NYT's "Page One" meeting will now be devoted to pitching stories for digital platforms: Dell is now the largest merchant to accept #bitcoin internationally.  send everyone in the US - no THE WORLD - a CD with - wait for it - an entire encyclopedia on it.  #two… Of course! hints at why macro productivity is low, 100X difference between the 1980-2014 CPI of televisions and educati… It'd be fun to watch Kristof work a union manufacturing job for a year! Ah! What's the point of the comparison otherwise? anything that worked in flash will be fair game for a new concept. I'm increasingly convinced that the reason so many economists call for structural reform is that the term has no concret… Fact: inequality in life-expectancy has been shrinking and that's not in #Piketty. Walmart is giving a raise to 500,000 workers this year "How can we see a disemployment effect before a rise in productivity?" - Larry Summers is destroying the Machine arguments. … "There aren't enough jobs!" Well, employers and investors have some thoughts... "No, no, we can't listen to *them*!" Today’s Economic History: 1870 as the Inflection Point in Trade and Transport Labor market recovery accelerated in 2014, & the yr saw the best job growth since 1999. #ERP15 Unemployment rate rapidly fell in 2014, outperforming consensus forecasts #ERP15 Hm. I distinctly remember 1979 sucking pretty madly. Jeffrey Gundlach: “I hate the automakers -- hate," as ride-sharing grows Well done! If you're not too caught up in the Greek talks, I wrote a mini-essay on secular stagnation yesterday: Finance #jobs flatline in #NYC as #hospitality & leisure jobs rise (R)evolutionary: ends daily pitches for print A1, editors to push stories for a.m./p.m. home page slots, bowing t… @LHSummers Larry doesn't like my answer one bit. The D word. .@Pmarca has written the equivalent of 12 books since he started tweeting in 2014 Kübler-Ross cycle of cries of new tech bubble, 2005-2015: Startled -> incredulous -> outraged -> flabbergasted -> incensed -> resigned! I know and talk about how ideas that didn't work in the 1990s often make sense now -- what media-related ones … I love the smell of capital controls in the morning. My new favourite chart: GDP per head since 1,000 BC.  From Andy Haldane via That's ridiculous. Kagan was dean of Harvard Law School before becoming SG, so she did have a pretty notable… look at law school. Kagan = Harvard. Even Ginsburg (graduated Colombia law) did her first two years at … didn't realize that! one exception: Elena Kagan (Princeton/Oxford). So perhaps law is the strongest exa… Law too. All current Supreme Court justices went to Harvard or Yale. Isn't even very media influenced, … You all hate coffee now too?? :-) I hope you realize that if they deploy the fried mozzarella cheese sticks, I'm switching teams. With $100M gift to, low-profile retail titan becomes largest single donor in UC history: 4) A useful rebuttal to claims of tech elitism is to point out that other prominent fields are just as elitist if not more so 3) This kind of degree & what it represents generally a requirement to being taken seriously -- as "one of us" -- by intellige… 2) From: Obama, Romney, Gore, Dukakis. From: Kerry, Clinton, W. Bush, H. W. Bush. Other two: Dole (Washburn),  … 1) Since 1988, each of the four US presidents has had a degree from or. Not to mention 8 of the 10 candidates. Just Awesome to see my role model Chuck Feeney give another $100M to for $394M!  has received $1B! @SuB8u Google any major car company + "recall". 11 years!!! ...and then back to startled? :-) Kübler-Ross cycle of cries of new tech bubble, 2005-2015: Startled -> incredulous -> outraged -> flabbergasted -> incensed -> resigned! Remembering the last time there was a debate about a "crazy valuation" on a social network/media company... "Remember when, on the Internet, nobody knew who you were?" IEEE Spectrum has an interview of me in which I pontificate about various topics related to AI, Facebook AI... Reports of the death of securitization are greatly exaggerated. Boom in CLO issuance. Wise words from on Greek default, from Lehman Bros lessons to systemic + geopolitical ramifications h… Yes! Miller Lite. Share shifts. Refurbished Smartphones ---> 120 Million Units by 2017 (versus 56 million last year) As software eats more of what constitutes a car, soon, there will be a revision of who an OEM is and who a supplier. "A premium class car now contains 100 microprocessors and runs on 100m lines of software code." A guy typing on his iPhone once asked me what Arab immigrants had ever done for the United States. Aired once that I know of. Beer company fired their ad agency a couple weeks later. True story. Not that I've heard of! The Cheezburger Principle? True fact: Norm and I were in a beer commercial together in 1999. So w/ his recent soliloquy on #SNL40 is the new world champion of serial tweets, defeating at the b… @smc90 "No man, no problem." "Simply, it’s been an awesome couple of years for online media." .@business's looks at pending/possible split-ups of technology-related firms:  $AMZN $… Just imagine how amazingly well content could be presented if designers didn't have to think abt best places to insert a… Lenovo confirms they ship preinstalled software that injects ads into sites including google  via… Peter Chernin Says Sports on the Web Will Be Bigger Than Sports on TV #codemedia  by The US Treasury just announced how they are using -  . This is pretty great. Those reruns you're watching on cable TV are being sped up to cram in more ads Clinton Foundation defends taking foreign gov't donations, amid calls for it to return the money and restore the ban: … It's entirely explainable by the structure of executive compensation at the media companies. "Millennials are watching online  Netflix, Amazon Prime, HBO GO and other streaming sources... y/y increase of 22% in … fund my new kickstarter: a casino where winnings are cashed out in privately held startup shares. "This season’s steep slide means there are almost 20 percent fewer young adults watching their TV sets in primetime th… Just starting now. Like phones in 07. Rolling supercomputer is a new thing. @sama Don't you feel protected?? My UK telco has an adult filter I can't turn off (need UK bank acct). Sites it regularly blocks: Reddit, Techmeme, Re/code,… Hong Kong Leader Asks Residents to "Take Inspiration From the Sheep's Character" Re: Valuations. "Here’s what everyone forgets about: inflation. A $10M post in 1996 is ~$15M today. Maybe $18M in SF" Map: Who’s hiding the most money in secret Swiss bank accounts?  by. #SwissLeaks Fed Governor Jay Powell on the long-run neutral rate: "The 90s were this amazing decade that frankly no one saw coming" Some investors just want to see the world('s cash) burn You can give 5k to a kick starter, you can bet 5k in Vegas, but you are restricted from using 5k to buy equity as a seed inve… Dammit. Foiled again. Curious if museums banning selfie sticks throws a wet towel on's strategy to invest @aparanjape And don't get me started on all those damned birds!! What do you have against free ponies for everyone?? Best statement here is “And ponies! Free ponies for everyone!” from How software eats publishing  Why 'uberizing' journalism is good for journalists Where talks about Creativity and Emergence | Shefaly Yogendra If history of growth were a 24hr clock, 99% would have 
come in the last 20 seconds. Fascinating Andy Haldane speech: When property developers pay bankers $1 million bribes to get loans, there's a bigger problem than bribery going on In case you doubted interest rates had ever been lower than today, here’s a chart going all the way back to 3000BC Amazon's one-hour delivery is now available in all of Manhattan Explains why they are so late to the party. Hm. I read cheap oil and cheap debt as pointing towards boom, not doom. Rumours have circulated for some time that drachma bank notes are already printed Hard times ahead whatever happens… "It’s astonishing, having a quasi-sophisticated discussion of economics is almost considered bad manners"-Varoufakis The ACA is making it easier for people to choose part time work  not decouple insurance from employme… This is Eric Holder's true legacy on press freedom:

"There is no First Amendment "reporter's privilege."

From DOJ brief i… Israeli doctors rebuild Syrian man’s face by using a 3D printer How blew up the Greek debt negotiations. My drawn-out rebuttal to's pithy tweet about signaling: Born before 1990? Whatever. We don’t care. Tell us about the war or something, grandpa. @aparanjape We have a startup that could make that a moot point! War is declining.
If it seems otherwise, part of the explanation is that we forgot most of the wars in the past. You know the saying, startups aren't a sprint. They are not a marathon either. They are marathons, punctuated by sprints.… Great side-effect of growth of 3D Printers - cheap prosthetics that do not suggest disability. More re: branding, here's the + Ron Johnson (ex-Apple retail) podcast: Forget the car (so 20th century!)..#Apple should focus on a personal quadcopter (drone) transport vehicle ..no traffic issu… @HarvardBiz I don't believe in wishful thinking :-). after 3 decades name change, Marketplace to Business & Tech, more proof, software is eating the world Every aspiring entrepreneur should read nearly every word of's blog archives, now available as ebook: This is really, really, really, really good.'s Guide to Career Planning: I particularly like the idea that disruption democratizes services that used to be for 1% Software eating the world or magazine cover effect (non-tech press touts tech trend, then opposite happens)? Uh oh! Richest Cities for Young People: 1980 vs 2013
 Flint, Detroit, Chicago 
2013: San Jose,San Fran… YES. Example: I'm matching a virtual assistant (from Kenya!) as coach with Khan Academy for my kids. we (ie) recently helped get'sblog archives turned into a ebook:  #indiechat @carmeldea Very interesting - thanks! @tranlib Speed is only one of many axes of differentiation. We are open to pitches for robotic cat startups :-). Not necessarily. @carmeldea How can you tell? But there's also a degenerative Moore's Law for cars. Every 2 years I become half as interested in owning one. "There's no Moore's Law for cars." Oh yes there is - on the value (functional) side, not the cost side. PCs stayed constant cost for 20 yrs. Currencies of former Soviet Union falling like dominoes. Today its turn of poor Moldovan leu. Swedish inflation rate stays negative for sixth consecutive month Just posted a response to why I love The Startup Playbook by, incl review from on h… @paulg Flattering -- thank you! Re-reading essays, Warren Buffett  & Charlie Munger's letters and  's tweetstorms  is enriching as reading… In developing countries, telemedicine is a lifeline.   #healthcare #hcsm #DigitalHealth #health Agatha Christie never imagined being rich enough to own a car or poor enough to have no servants. Profound example of te… Amen! "You’ve remained focused on The Market, just the wrong one. You end up in the mire." Don't forget the best negotiation scene in film: Continued. Yes! Sometimes negotiators are not evenly matched. Aunts Aren't Gentlemen. P. G. Wodehouse Short term is a random walk. If any CEO can routinely hit quarters, strong indicator of accounting fraud. That's what I think. It would take a while, though. It's all :-). @AlexRubalcava You mean months don't have 32 days?  I assume this was your Monday. I don't remember if we got that high, but we were very high. Exactly. I don't think so. But the step function improvement needed gets quite dramatically high. OS X? :-) My pet theory = much greater volatility, and then much less. HA! Undoubtedly. The problem is that email is one of the all-time great network effects. I've seen as high as 80%. I keep hearing about it! iOS only? Ha! In my fantasy world, all companies report sales data in real time. Puncture once and for all the common myth that business is predictable. Why yes, I have answered 300 emails today, why do you ask? @rabois What what? Drones will eat the air, and is leading the charge! @rabois Yep: I have two friends who only tweet while they're playing in the AT&T Pro-Am golf tournament -- beaming in from a parallel universe! Shirley takes on Kanye: "You are making yourself look like a complete..." It's absolutely ducking infuriating sometimes. When I wrote my latest column, I thought it might be down your alley:"The Coming Transformation of Education" htt… it is sick AI humor.   After the singularity, all coworking spaces will become cowering spaces Meanwhile, the incipient malevolent human-murdering AI inside my Macbook Air keeps auto converting "coworking spaces" to "cowering spaces". Guess again, CFA Level II texbook "Greek banks are bleeding deposits at an estimated rate of 2 billion euros ($2.27 billion) a week." Or are you spending too much time on the Internet? :-) Happy Presidents' Day: “The Poetry of Richard Milhous Nixon”, composed of direct quotes from the Watergate tapes Where #AdvIndustries are and aren't and why it matters: New research sometimes the autocorrect on iOS makes me want to throw my iphone down a we'll By all accounts, the best car in the world is already produced by Silicon Valley. Automobiles are already closer to an iPhone 6 than most people imagine. Yesterday, my girlfriend's AI changed PhD to PJs.  Is Siri organising a slumber party? .@B_Eichengreen on what Grexit contagion might look like via The incipient malevolent human-murdering AI inside my Internet-connected iPhone 6 just autocorrected "ones" not to "one's" but to "onesie". In our industry, keeping one's mind open wide enough to accept all the new ideas that will actually work is near-physically painful. No the Fed is not like Lehman. No it's not "leveraged 80-1." Yes, it's already audited. Rand Paul is truly a breath of fresh air for the GOP. Except for his position on Ebola. Oh, and vaccines. Oh, and the Fed/m… BMW introduces technology that lets a driver dispatch the vehicle to go park on its own, no driver needed: @henryfarrell Spectacular. How game theory tells Varoufakis he must deny acting like a game theorist: Want non-nuclear options to respond to cyber attacks? says defend better prior to attack: (via): "I now feel free to enough to go where I want, when I went, and know that I can still get back home." "You shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you mad." [Aldous Huxley] @kimpall And sure enough: @kimpall I'm not proposing we outlaw home ownership. I am proposing we stop subsidizing it. @kimpall Do we really want a nation of people who get stuck in unravelling places for decades? @stevenbjohnson There's no stick involved. Sigh. "The past is never dead. It's not even past." [William Faulkner] To be treated as a farmer in America doesn’t necessarily require you to grow any crops Hold my beer while I show you how to handel a kite. Kissinger's A World Restored on the end of the Napoleonic era is good too. I don't. Paris 1919 is great about the peace conference at the end of WW1. Of the many things I worry about, Russia is way far down the list! I don't think so. Do you know of one? Yeah, but they're fun, and the food is usually pretty good. For a software company, it's the last day of the quarter. For Greece, it's apparently the end of this week! Great interview with my spectacular wife in the Washington Post! I think one interpretation is that's actually what happens. Each side wants to push it right to the end for maximum pressure on the other side. @cdixon Impairs labor mobility, thereby impairing economic flexibility, thereby impairing economic growth. Useful to remember: In high-stakes negotiations between equally matched professionals, all of the important stuff happens on the last day. @stevenbjohnson It encourages labor mobility. And therefore economic flexibility, including jumping on new opportunities. Great cultural history of the collapse and resurrection of the American cocktail (spoiler: blame Prohibition) -- superb tweetstorm on recipe for more tech success; my question is which political party fits w/ these values? h… I think that's an aspirational theory at best :-). Other problem with advanced negotiating techniques: One's mental model of one's opponent is almost always wrong; only discovered later. Yep. I find in practice almost nobody has an actually accurate model of one's opponent. Excellent tweetstorm on how to encourage more tech entrepreneurship  via Yep, exactly. @rayne_ea I think they absolutely do. European officials have zero desire to endanger the Euro. It's rare that I agree with every single point in a tweetstorm... but these are all very, very good ideas: nearly everyone that tries to copy YC includes either a coworking or shared living space. not doing this is part of what makes YC… Boston to tell about road closures, use data from the app to time intersection signalling:  #2MA The problem with advanced negotiating techniques: They depend on the other side being equally adept at reading signals. Danger danger. Advanced game theory at play in Europe -- but may rely on everyone reading signals properly: "At this pace we note that Greek banks will have 14 weeks before they run out of collateral." | FT Alphaville Share of world poverty has halved in last 20 years.

66% in US think it "almost doubled"!! ( @Noahpinion Yes! Incentives to not work? @kenlin73 I don't think you can teach an entrepreneurial personality, but you can teach entrepreneurial skills. Yikes. Sure, but public education has had decades to get its act together. Jury has long since spoken. People in emerging and developing nations more optimistic than those in rich ones about next generation's fortunes Yeah, but I bet he has an itchy rear from the horse riding. 95% of Vietnamese people think the free market economy is best - the highest percent of any country surveyed. Things getting cheap = we becoming rich.

Here is the price of light over 700 years.
More at: This is a great time to be a creator. Tools + platforms right in place. @sacca The theory is "network effects" with "path dependence". .@pmarca An article from on why politicians can´t quit the drug that is construction We've funded one! @bechhof Exactly. Corporate governance varies enormously with your time horizon. @bechhof I think it's more the irrationally short-term nature of most capital in the market: At least they're based on books :-). @NaithanJones But, honestly, who among us hasn't walked onstage while Taylor Swift is accepting some award? I'm in :-). Yep. Sorry if I don't actually know you well enough to make that joke. In my defense, it was just sitting there :-). @trengriffin If it wasn't for the shirt, I'd think for sure that you're a 1%'er. @ericries Yes! I think it's great that tech companies are increasingly in a bidding war for interns (!). I think unpaid internships are a travesty. An obvious preferential bias to the already well off. Kanye bothers the same type of people that Mohammed Ali bothered - in both cases those peoples sensibilities blinded them… I used to love my Motorola Star-Tac :-). Driving a car is the only necessary day-to-day activity that does not physically allow one to even partly enjoy an Apple experien… "Italy has only grown 4 percent—in total—since the euro was created 16 years ago. That's worse than Greece." let's all hope The Slap runs for 40 years too so we can do this again. I never tire of these stories of musicians finding sustainable income from fans because of This piece by on identifying girl coders & and providing opportunities them is very good. If I were king, I think I'd eliminate income tax and replace it with consumption tax, for what it's worth. Depends what the goal is. @UpdatedPriors I just listed 16 in the preceding tweetstorm :-). "And why does it all have to sound so libertarian?" (Actually said to me by a sitting United States Senator.) Encourage students and faculty to leave, start companies, and then return. Make IP licensing very easy. Etc. Define interaction with surrounding industry as something to be warmly embraced, vs feared and discouraged. If there were more startups spinning out of other research universities, VCs would set up shop nearby toot sweet :-). I think if you did that, it would probably help Twitter, actually. I think this is less of problem for NYT than you do. ~1,000 reporters is just not that big of an expense base. In 20 years, I have yet to see a software startup where patents drove more than <10% of the value. Yes, exactly. They think they want to know, but they really don't. @rajatsuri Yes, the Grover Norquist model.  I'm quite confident this would work for software. I'm less certain for other technical fields. Yes, that would also be good if it's not just all going to be public domain. AND we foot the bill for the logistics of the summit :-). The market is SO short-term weighted right now, though. Yep, true. Yes, another way to go at this is with better rollover treatment. @fmbutt Yes, interesting question, but mostly theoretical in the sense that most US research funding is federal. Exactly. @mccrory That may be true. I struggle with this a lot. I think Google would have still been fine. As you know, they advanced the algorithms very quickly once they started the company. Yep. @amcafee That's not the point. The point is that radio has always been lead gen for other music business models. The money changers have had a bad rep for 2,000+ years... Routine conversation with legislators: "How do we get more successful tech startups?" Do X, Y, Z. "Oh, we can't do *those* things." Oh, for sure. And you already get a tax credit for a capital loss... @pngmarca So you're saying no? They ask "how do we get more successful tech startups"? I tell 'em. They get mad. :-) I would advocate if it's funded with public funds, should be open to use by the public. In practice, R&D in the US is funded by the federal gov't more than anyone else. Exactly. What do you mean by punish failure? Now that's just crazy talk. Because the economy shifts which means geography shifts. Getting stuck in one place too long = impedes flexibility. Yes. Exactly. There may be benefit, but it's a question of proportions of where you want investment $ to go. Ooh, I'm not sure. I think it would be good for everyone to be educated to the full potential of their ability to learn. .@pmarca's latest #tweetstorm... Assuming the research was federally funded, the public should own the IP and anyone should be able to use it in business. Step by step! :-) It is biased for long term investing in any industry. e.g.: Both better than current state, but economy would arguably work much better if wrenched more towards equity. Revoke tax deductibility of corporate debt. Add tax deductibility for equity raises. I'm not sure what I think of trade schools. I worry about selecting kids out of a potential college track early. Yes. We incent people to stay put for 30 years and then wonder why they don't adapt to the changing economy. Of course :-). University spinoffs are not dependent on university ownership and licensing of IP! Warm embrace of fluid exchange between research university and surrounding industry ecosystem. 16/Zero capital gains tax for equity held for 5+ years, paid for by higher capital gains tax for equity held for <2 years. 15/Eliminate tax credits for corporate debt, and implement tax credits for corporate equity. 14/More long-lockup capital at all levels of corporate capital structure. 13/"Opt in" innovation zones with regulatory relief for various categories of new technology. 12/Implement tax credits for child care services for working parents. 11/Eliminate tax credits for home ownership, and implement tax credits for renters. 10/Fully portable economy-wide benefits, including health care, retirement savings, and immigration status. 9/Reform, or better yet eliminate, software and business method patents. Redefine patent trolling as a form of felony extortion. 8/Comprehensive legal and regulatory reform to open access to federally-funded research; also, pass Aaron's Law. 7/More public research universities should pursue the Stanford/Berkeley mentality/model; also, repeal Bayh-Dole. 6/Comprehensive inclusion programs for underrepresented groups for each of the preceding five ideas. 5/More interdisciplinary college programs -- particularly engineering + business, and liberal arts + engineering. 4/Significantly expanded internship programs at tech companies of all sizes for both high school and college students. 3/Significantly expanded summer tech, science, math, entrepreneurship programs/camps for grades 5-12. 2/Entrepreneurship magnet/charter schools -- specifically designed to produce enterpreneurs, vs cogs in the industrial machine. 1/More Montessori & Montessori-style, free-form, and/or project-based K-8 public & private schools. 0/Sixteen somewhat-less obvious ideas for how to expand the # of "unicorn" great tech startups over time -- per query by! Been thinking about your question; have 16 ideas. Coming now :-). @spcohn Did you take a nice long extended nap through 2008? :-) So Marc, how do you scale contrary thought? Lots of ideas here: "Its a victimless crime. Its a write off! They just write it off, Jerry." 

(Kramer explaining the Post Offi… software is eating the world, software is getting better, but we are software, we r getting btr suchhhh a BOSS. Super inspired by the culture of giving you're creating here in SV. Sooo appreci… Request for startups:  /cc In 1915, 25% of all trucks in NY were electric vehicles. NYC had charging stations around the city. Google Glass lives: My former grad student & postdoc Ned Sahin is developing it as a treatment for autism. What do you suppose he makes for the same number of listeners to radio broadcasts? Amazing Fact: In 1980, the Median Income in Flint, MI Was Higher Than San Francisco Clive Crook and Jack Shafer Upset Because People Informing People Are Claiming 2B Journalists Richard Fisher to Congress: Audit yourselves, you fiscal-and-regulatory-policy-dimwits "If I want to buy your house, we have to give 7% to the middle man." frames the debate on #bitcoin's potential. You're way more likely to die of not eating enough produce than in any sort of accident via David Carr's last interview: dispenses with silly idea that mobile demands only short stories Greece not only has 26% unemployment rate: more than 75% have been jobless for at least a year  htt… I just published “Greece — all the news we didn’t get over the weekend” Intriguing thought experiment. What if the autonomous car of the future owns itself, powered by BitCoin? My colleague says d(innovation)/d(t) increases and d(hegemony)/d(t) is negative against f(infrastructure). How does technology evolve? Artefacts, as well as organisms, can do so by natural selection That's the good news. Bad news is method to sell to non-YC companies is starkly different. Who is doing on-demand focus groups? Select demographic, number of subjects, length of session -> 2-day turnaround for meeting or… Nice article, with creepy illustration of, about all of the smart things does to be so awesome: @trengriffin So the underlying assumption is that there are more great ideas than great founders? Andy Grove said it best: you need a personality that doesn't wilt walking Death Valley. @trengriffin We do that, it's called Silicon Valley :-). @trengriffin ...and if you believe that, then attempts to get less risk-prone people to do it won't work. @trengriffin If you believe that, then we are looking for extreme personalities first and foremost... @trengriffin ...and therefore starting a company is an irrational act. I think he was right. @trengriffin ...that anyone good enough to do it could make more money on a risk-adjusted basis by just being an executive... @trengriffin John Reed once told me that starting a company was a noneconomic proposition... Was the right thing then to sit out 1996-2000? @trengriffin ...If you believe that, then my theories tend to hold together. If you don't, then more approaches are possible. @trengriffin I should back up. My assumption is that startups are brutally, savagely, soul-crushingly hard to make work. @trengriffin Sure, they make great employees. (Not said negatively.) @trengriffin It's surprisingly hard to have that conversation, particularly in public. People get really upset. What what what? Who's that? GO -- On Leadership in @trengriffin Each has succeeded in some ways. Each has not yet solved significant issues for scaled success. @trengriffin Including attempts in which I have been personally involved :-). YC is a very rare exception to a general rule. @trengriffin Many, many attempts to solve this puzzle have crashed and burned due to unwillingness to grapple w/brutal truths. @trengriffin ...the reason is it's so important that any alternate approach overcome adverse selection & clear difficulty bar. @trengriffin Side note, I risk sounding too negative in these threads. I realize that... @trengriffin People who aren't pure risk takers generally collapse under the pressure of an actual startup. If I had never left the midwest, I would probably have been a professional programmer for at least 10 years. There are exceptions, of course. And one might argue exceptions are enough since it's an exception game anyway. The selection works the other way, I think. Enterpreneurial personalities generally won't become scientists. I totally agree with turning over every rock! And vice versa. Probably this has intensified over time even compared to the 1970s-1980s. Positive/adverse selection at work: entrepreneurial personalities don't tend to become professional scientists/researchers. You mean among scientists and researchers? They wanted a safer store of value than the ruble? :-) @trengriffin As opposed to the current system that was designed to produce factory workers. Who does it cost? @trengriffin Induced? Young #tech donors emerge as philanthropy's new heavy hitters.  #phil50 #SiliconValley #SFGives htt… Bay Area tech leaders under 40 among 2014's top philanthropic givers: Yes. One can imagine a training and development program that would start around age 10. Hackers steal $1 billion from banks; Bitcoin not involved but I assume somehow to blame :-). True that! Necessary but not sufficient. People worry how a new technology will affect society right up until it is made obsolete, then they worry how society wi… "I just saw the first movie from Oculus, and it is the future" In depth analysis from bloomberg businessweek of all the stores at American malls. Critics of the printing press said it'd make monks lazy & damage their souls, and that its parchment wasn't as good. Great news today from the FAA re commercial drones. Good overview from Critics of the phonograph said it would be the demise of music, erode our tastes, and put musicians out of work. Four year intervals Here's what the world's $294 trillion market of financial assets looks like It is now! But not every entrepreneur that is hard to coach is the very best :-) Store signs that would have made no sense a month ago, taken from downtown Zurich, cc Richard Edelman reflects on his conversation with Marc Andreessen (@pmarca) about #tech in Silicon Valley Thanks, for sharing thoughts on very rare #AlanTuring notebook. @polemitis Has anyone lost Bitcoin due to a hack and then all of society had to pay for the refund? Hack steals $300M from 100 banks. So obviously the USD is unsafe and unsuitable currency. #IfItWereBTC Awfully nice social network you have there, be a shame if something were to happen to it... "Depression babies" behavioral economics effect: Corollary: Learning generally doesn't transfer across generations of market participants; the key lessons are learned anew each cycle. Key driver of market cycles: What have the participants in the market *today* learned from their personal experiences since they entered? @trengriffin Cheering him on! Tough challenge; big potential if it works. @semil Or maybe that's what you meant. Capped upside; pressure from VC with aging fund to sell company early to realize return. @semil Yes, and that can actually cause problems on both ends. Ah. The importance of one big winner :-). Actually these kind of cycles don't seem to accelerate over time. See Carlota Perez's book! @trengriffin Adverse selection, adverse selection, adverse selction :-). Yep. Big change. Yep. @msuster I'm not sure about imposter syndrome. Perhaps the opposite :-). But one does wonder whether we'd have heard of Doriot had Ken Olsen not taken money from him. And they say innovation is dead :-). Good interview with - "How Bitcoin may have more impact than the internet" Or not having an available board slot, or already having a conflict in the portfolio (real or perceived). An excellent must-read piece on how VR can help overcome a variety of mental health setbacks. YouTube is now ten years old. Can't think of too many other things that became intertwined into popular culture so fast. Globall… @trengriffin We're just starting. WAY better than video conferencing (anything short of full Cisco telepresence room). Thanks :-) @trengriffin We have just seen a step-function increase in effectiveness of remote participation with Beam robots (seriously). @trengriffin Truly effective telepresence may be what eliminates primary role of geographic locality; spreads opp'y everywhere. @trengriffin I have another pet theory that advantages of locality increase for another ~10-15 years then blow apart. @davealevine Indeed. Exactly. Which is why the 1996 call was so wrong. @trengriffin Arguably the advantages increase with company size, since access to top talent is so critical as one grows. @trengriffin Yes, clearly. But the bar to compete with the best is arguably getting higher at the same rate. @trengriffin Aspirationally :-). @trengriffin Adverse selection is a huge danger here. @tparekh That plus the locality advantages of being in a central hub (for any dynamic industry). @trengriffin Yes. Absolutely true. @trengriffin It's a hard topic to really talk about because it's freighted with so much emotion. People get mad. @tparekh To date, VCs increasing returns by investing in more regions is, let's just say, an aspirational goal at best. The guy who said the stock market was irrationally exuberant in 1996 says it's overpriced now. Hmm. NYT inaugurates “the era of the bicycle,” ushering in “personal rapid transit.” (1879) @trengriffin One of my pet theories is that the old Warburg Pincus model should be used more broadly. @kyro Yes. Same with great Presidents, interestingly. Put another way, can it really be true that there are only ~15 great new ideas per year and/or ~15 great new founders per year? I think we are already pretty good at expanding the potential of fixed X. We are doing little to expand X itself. No, sorry, I mean how do we increase X. @msuster The positive view is that more systematic training of potential founders might unearth quite a few more great ones. @msuster The negative view is that if they were really good, they wouldn't be undiscovered. @trengriffin Case in point, Elon almost lost both Tesla and SpaceX in 2008. @trengriffin Yes, I agree. Intermediate funding risk is a problem for the more radical and capital-intensive ideas. @trengriffin "Will to power" alpha personality. Competence + determination to succeed. @trengriffin Project Greenlight proved this point repeatedly. The complementary question is, how could we go about systematically expanding the potential for high-impact startups? @msuster Yes, but catch 22. How good can they possibly be if they are undiscovered past a certain point? @trengriffin Subtle differences between the two. 6) product not breakthrough enough; 7) product ahead of its time/world not ready for new idea; 8) intermediate funding risk. @msuster I find the best entrepreneurs to not be very coachable. Is there a complete list of the music used in Banshee? I want to buy it all! honored to get blessing to direct his #Quarry novels for.  will do him & the fans proud. .@daveweigel @Fred_Kirsch He's reading a newspaper :-). Check's various writing and Twitter feed! It’s believed that contaminated water has killed more humans than all the weapons in all the wars in human history #HWG… "We are turning into chipmunks! Our attention spans are non-existent!" "People watch entire TV seasons in one sitting! Insan… Key takeaway : you need to be angry to defy history ;-) Seems to be, from press reports this week. also great: Gregory Clark's UCDavis course, in full on youtube: People persistently underestimate fast-growing markets + snowballing critical mass + amazing leadership. Great refresher: "How the Industrial Revolution Began", with numbers.  via #Tech #History… @BenedictEvans Several years ago, CEO of major US automaker told me Silicon Valley could NEVER NEVER NEVER build a car. @BenedictEvans A car is increasingly a rolling laptop. You sound like some kind of hippie. @paulbaumgart If only things were so predictable. @a16z We're going to keep trying though. @a16z I think the core challenge is that 95%+ of the value of startups we invest in is in things that haven't happened yet... @a16z We try as best we can, but I don't think we've cracked the code on a fundamentally new approach yet. CHEER UP/ My video jibes with. We're morose & miss real sources of progress.  ht… What do you think? USA doesn't suck! USA doesn't suck! :-) @davepell But Apple is a PC manufacturer, they can't just walk in and make a smartphone :-). An interview with me on #Bitcoin by the great of O'Reilly Radar. Oh yes. So the recession is just barely ending and suddenly a crash is imminent? Are y'all sure you aren't just a little bit scar… Once I get behind the wheel of my brand new Apple, I don't see myself ever coming back. I'm offended that you would say that. No way. MEASURING PROGRESS/ on Engine speed's not the only measure of progress. Safety, price, &c … Cars may be easier to build than smartphones now :-). Does QE in the US affect prices in Europe more than it affects prices in the US? Greek bank deposit outflows continue at around €2B/week. At this pace Greek banks will run out of collateral in 14 weeks … Yep. Market interest rates in developed countries that haven't done QE are even lower than in the US. Tesla is an amazing company, but if a raw startup can create a killer new car, of course Apple can create a killer new car if it wants to. I am not nearly as convinced of that as you are, so it is hard to talk about the other issue :-). Coming old school ventire capital trilogy: Arthur Rock. Georges Doriot. Don Valentine.  My Singleton post is context: Why should one get return without risk? Yes, exactly, as one might expect from a properly functioning market. How, whether retirement funds rely on it is another question. Bad planning on their part if so. But in a normally functioning market, there should be no expectation for safe interest above the level of inflation. His argument would be that they took on a lot of risk over the last 20 years that just didn't happen to materialize. I don't think they have. See: Interest income, that is. I don't know why one should expect to be able to generate income safely. @paulbaumgart No almost about it :-). And neither one is Kurt Anderson. The mind boggles. BITCOIN:FINANCE = INTERNET:TELECOM/ Video of & #Bitcoin panel at State of the Net. Wait. Jonathan Franzen and Jonathan Safran Foer *aren't* the same person? To all the people tweeting about how higher education is principally a signaling device: Do you wish you hadn't gone to college? Interesting piece on how 20th Century public intellectualism flowed from Communism, the Great Depression, and WWII: Last decade there used to be defenders of Chavez's Bolivarian economic policies. Those people are awfully quiet now. "Investor concern over the threat of new technologies is overstated." —Blockbuster analyst report, 1999 Super cute note from a 5th grader. Thank you Angelina :-) #HourOfCode Telescopic contact lenses let you zoom in on demand: Where Google employees formerly worked. Most from Microsoft. And a longer analysis; 'Why Tesla's battery for your home should terrify utilities': I forgot to thank everyone for our Crunchie Award!!!! A big thank you to all of the dolls who voted!!! Map of the entire Internet in 1969 Fantastic interview by of. Truly precedent setting for the industry. Thank you. Grandpa Upon experiencing Oculus VR for the first time #Oculus My assumption is that August would hit home runs over and over again with any fund size! In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: marmalize, v. To thrash; to crush or destroy; to defeat decisively Failure to follow prescriptions causes 125,000 deaths a year and 10% of all hospitalizations. Oh, our investors ask for all kinds of information! @joshm Actually it's mostly nonprofits. Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes please. I don't have any questions about you that wouldn't be answered by your GMail login credentials. I think the real question here is, what do we really know about this Josh Miller character really? Please tweet your Mint username and password asap. Netflix exemplifies the power of network effects with their massive spend on content versus (limited reach) rivals: Exactly. Repeat as necessary. "I need help coordinating the neighborhood watch. You in? Great! Give me a copy of your house keys." - BO Like Justice Ginsburg, I also slept right through the State of the Union. Again. I am so pleased to be a speaker at the warm & brilliant event, featuring &. DM me for… Would you rather that money fund other things instead? The day virtual reality made me cry  "The power of VR filmmaking is utterly overwhelming"  @bchesky I for one think Gandhi was completely serious. .@pmarca was right -- people do love to fish (Case in point:) I started the fight to build ubiquitous encryption into the fabric of the Web in 1994. US gov't marching orders to tech companies: Help us protect nation vs cyber-attacks. Step 1, install mandatory backdoors in your products. Like film, it appears that television required approximately 70 years to fully mature as a medium. @a_j_r US is even further ahead vs China and Russia than $ #'s indicate. Both in people & materiel. It may be a specialized taste :-). My wife and I can't get more than 2 minutes in before pausing due to laughing too hard. Defense Budgets
THE US (& everyone else) Highly recommend: Broad City (#1 choice), Kroll Show, Inside Amy Schumer, Review with Forest McNeil. And will you be in all four? Drones delivering drinks in a crowded restaurant? It’s not as crazy as it sounds.  via… It's faster to FedEx a 1 ton anvil from London to New York than send a wire. The world is so ready for #bitcoin… Somewhat improbably, we are living in the Golden Age of television comedy: 50 years after the evidence became relatively clear about dietary cholesterol, the AHA changes heart: This is my new favorite part about Twitter. going after journalists late into the European night.. We did a podcast about Slack, with and - the future of work, productivity and email. The #Eurozone depression in one chart: Industrial production was no higher in December than 15 years ago. (via HFE) ht… Reverse backflip DM fail via -- bravo! Remembering David Carr: Here are 1,776 NYT pieces penned by David Carr. Truly brilliant summary of the arc of startup innovation from  - a must read! Obama's BuzzFeed video has already been viewed more than 15 million times: The age of the digital-enhanced physical products. Wow! Slack after just 1yr:
- 10K new daily active users /week
- $1M additional ARR /11 days “DARPA is working on prosthetics that will let amputees feel again Architect tests office design in VR: "the building isn't finished & I've already been there" DMa16z thx for invite but won't be able to make 50 Shades of Grey movie party. Intrigued by giftbag. can u just sen… I don't think he'll be booking tickets for the film. Larry Summers Likes the Idea of Bitcoin My teaching partner Mark Leslie's leadership tour de force: The Arc of Company Life - and How to Prolong It How much of "advice to young journalists" is really about housing prices in media hubs? The only chart about Swedish monetary policy you ever have to look at. The most arresting line in this great piece on producing The New York Times is about BuzzFeed It seems a little odd that I have more Twitter followers than. Probably won't last. Life is a tighrope between two errors: generalizing the wrong particular vs particularizing the wrong general. CEO Chambers: We're going to "crush" and "have fun" beating:  #PluribusNe… Which ones? Even after factoring economic conditions / crash of 08, millennials drive less than expected: Oculus CTO,, will be giving a talk at #GDC2015 titled "The Dawn of Mobile VR"! The fantastic MT: "I think BuzzFeed actually has somebody there." Tools for How We Work Today  Podcast ft on how changes orgs/work w/@BenedictEvan… Incredible story and video about the robots at! Slide summing up problems India faces and hw digital solns can address this. German 2Y yield -1bp to -0.225%, lowest since Bloomberg began collecting the data in 1990. One in 20 Google searches are for health-related information Coincidence? It's a pretty new idea :-). and miles driven per capita Coincidence? as our data scientist was fond of saying: if it looks interesting, it's probably a data error. After 60 years of continual rise, American miles driven has flatlined since 2007. DOT keeps projecting that driving miles will go up again, but they haven't. Apple's market value is now more than 100 times its level in Nov. 2001, when the iPod launched a16z Podcast: explains Slack to and me. Messaging, institutional memory, search and tasks. 