Warmest congrats to Fox Searchlight on Oscar triumphs.   Makes whole company proud. . Putin always short term, so impossible to read next move for both us and him!   Few mistakes and he becomes much more dangerous! “All we have done to be successful for 50 years is reduce our ignorance."—Charlie Munger, Berkshire Hathaway Horrifying ISIS beheading of 21 Christians in Libya almost incredible.
Is this another "random" event? Who is your favorite president? #PresidentsDay .@Sandra_Sully furious Ten News' success at 5pm gets overlooked We Christians should be praying unceasingly for persecuted Christians .... In solidarity, in thanksgiving for #religiousf… no, never discussed anti-siphoning laws with Credlin or any politician!  Don't even understand them fully. No surprise, as usual you never check facts.  Personally not been in Aspen for many years Meanwhile word spreading Apple watch will amaze and fascinate with design and many undreamt of features causing even greater iPhone
sales WSJ reports Apple has hundreds working on possible new electric car.  One day they or Google or Tesla or Chinese will break thru and disrupt Amazing b.o.take for 50 Shades. Cinemas full of middle aged women's groups.  But anecdotal  evidence they all disappointed! EU's big problem Greece,  maybe should let default and go. Only one per cent of economy, but big piece of Med to fall to Russian influence Putin wins again.   Western appeasers allow another huge slice of Eastern Ukraine to be grabbed.  Ignore excuses and lies. Where next? Long term AUST optimism great, but right now all parties must engage whole public in realistic debate on present facts. Aust needs national economic summit with real treasury figures,and all parties, labor, business etc also best brains like Costello, Keating. RBA notes sounds like selective quote What about ballooning deficits, subsequent collapse in commodities - which nobody's fault. Just a minute!   Which should I vote for movie of the year?  Birdman, Boyhood, American Sniper, Theory of Everything, etc? Anyone care? Taxes!  We pay every penny.  And tens of thousands receive dividends from our international efforts. Any AUST govt faces absolute necessity for tough change.   Change could bring poisoned chalice LNP govt failed  to tell country about dire state of economy.  Gillard left manufacturing impossible, then commodities collapsed. 82-39 if Nat allies counted.  Right.   But only shows difficulties ahead, especially if TA doesn't admit few mistakes. Abbott survives 61-39.  Now needs to say he understands complaints and will govern more inclusively, both with public and his party. quality of politicians stinks.    Sadly true of many countries.   Try UK, etc. POTUS: Christians behaved terribly several centuries ago But today?  Christians, Buddhists, Jews most Moslems fine Why not name 
barbarians? Abbott, good guy, not perfect but no case for rebellion.  Remember last one gave us Gillard disaster.   Country still paying for it. With world infinitely more complex and dangerous,what to do?  Boots on ground sounds good, but how many and where and when?  Can't isolate. ISIS growing more barbaric, extending into Libya, Al Q. grown fivefold, Putin on March, how can POTUS claim foreign policy success? None!   No overseas balances. Future corp tax rate at competitive 20%, NO special deductions, sparking investment boom and jobs all over.  Unemploy half all lobbyists! One time repatriation of trillions at 5 % would give massive boost to whole economy.  Afterwards tax o/s profits net  14%. more Corp tax deal should be possible. Adopt Paul/Boxer and some moderated Obama proposals- could be great.  More. NY State in such bad, corrupt condition one arrest will mean nothing.
Wholesale clean out called for, would produce surprising results. NY first grade teacher found guilty of failing her students, inability, excessive lateness, etc.  guess what?  45 suspension before return! ridiculous ticket prices for maybe most anticipated game ever.  TV cover more than good enough for me.  Just hope no blow- out. Guess what!   Joe Biden actively preparing to run against Hillary.  Maybe others like Kerry. no news here. We always say what we think, provoke debate, and people speak.  True of all good media. Shock turnover in Q'land outing okay govt.. Blank cheque to nobodies.  Can't ignore this a huge message to  Feds.  People have spoken! Germans right to push structural change in EU, but little chance of success.  Long term, no sensible future for Euro. Great case for bears Europe  deflating, printing money without effect, ME total mess, Japanese no change, China slowing, 
US wobbly Superbowl!    Have to root for Patriots, great team with genius coach Bill Belichick and amazing Tom Brady, but against another super team. Romney/Rubio dynamite.   Rubio good for young and maybe women, but only Cuban Hispanics.  Romney need to flip flop convincingly! @jk_rowling slams me!   So what did you expect? Rudd and Gillard to blame for Aust mess.    Agreed. Almost impossible 3 yr task to fix , good cabinet keen to pull together. NYTimes wrong as usual about me, Romney, etc. I have as much influence over WSJournal edits as Sulzberger over Times. i.e. None! Amongst hundreds of tweets interesting how many passionate supporters of Mitt Romney.   Impressive. re Miranda.  Completely wrong.  Just read it. Credlin a good person.   Just appealing to her proven patriotism. Forget fairness. This change only way to recover team work and achieve so much possible for Australia.   Leading involves cruel choices. Abbott again.  Tough to write, but if he won't replace top aide Peta Credlin she must do her patriotic duty and resign. 
 More Let's be clear.  Know and like Mitt Romney as a very nice person.  But he had his chance and seemed to lack big vision for this country. Believe Gawker, believe any nonsense. Lucky!  Seems almost no NYTimes printed or distributed in NY today. Many reasons.  Remember Julia?  Abbott, Bishop, Hockey, Morrison and team best hope with world deflation killing Aust exports. I have been a small "r" republican longer than I can remember.  Since childhood from my Scottish-Australian father's knee! Abbott knighthood a joke and embarrassment.  Time to scrap all honours everywhere, including UK. Po After decades of decay and corruption, time for people of NY State to stand up and take it back.  Development, opportunity everywhere. If this stands up in court, time for total clean out in Albany, allowing whole state of NY to be restored to prosperity and leadership. More NY surprise!  Finally prosecutor catches up with state's second most powerful - Sheldon Silver.  If guilty, opportunity for all things good. Where are you Mike Bloomberg, Rudy Giuliani or ANYONE? All cases went before judge recommended by Silver, while chief Appelate judge lifelong pal.   And do on and on. So prosecutor says. More Surprise.  Asbestos awards in NY 400 per cent of already high national average!    While Silver always blocked any tort reform. More Seems 2nd most powerful man, Sheldon Silver, used public money to pay doctor to refer countless asbestos cases to connected law firm. More At last New York corruption out for all to see.   Hope public not so cynical as to shrug off.   Outrage and action called for.   More. Campaign '16 starting.  Very early, but watch Ben Carson. Read his autobiography years ago. Principled brave achiever. Great American story. ok, many on elites, but eagerly joined by snobs who always think they know what is best for "lesser" folks! Much  fuss and publicity in UK as horrible elites yak on about Page 3.
Worry not, The Sun will always have great looking women - and men! History between Murdochs and Sulzbergers?  Nothing unpleasant that I know of.   At least, respect from us. Is there a price for lifetime happiness for generous but bored, public spirited multibillionaire? Mike Bloomberg can easily afford NY Times POTUS hard to follow saying no "available" time for Netanyahu and then hours today with weird YouTube personalities. Strange timing. Congrats to Fox's David Hill,  Brought back American Idol from the dead!  First weeks great family entertainment, also TCFTV big hit Empire. Yes,  American Sniper!! Hollywood leftists trash American Hero, show how completely out of touch they are with America.  Bravo Clint Eastwood! Ridiculous charges against Patriots.  A great team by any standards, with good, tough leadership.  Big winners always attract naysayers. So POTUS wants higher taxes. I pay 55/ in NY!  Why not make first 50 K free for all, then kill ALL deductions, subsidies,huge govt waste? Tens of thousands of jihadi victims are Muslims and millions fighting back. But important for people of all faiths to address the threat. Certainly did not mean all Muslims responsible for Paris attack. But Muslim community must debate and confront extremism. @SkyNews I don't run Sky News, just founded the company! Extraordinary scenes in Paris today, but do not forget the heroic sacrifice of Ahmed Merabet, Muslim police officer whose funeral was today. NY mayor deBlasio seems hellbent on undoing all Bloomberg's great reforms.   Especially schools. Meanwhile big business fears debate. Big jihadist danger looming everywhere from Philippines to Africa to Europe to US.
Political correctness makes for denial and hypocrisy. Maybe most Moslems peaceful, but until they recognize and destroy their growing jihadist cancer they must be held responsible. Next CES in Vegas.  Almost full Fox and News exec teams here to receive 20 smart presentations from very big to small  software companies China 3) country moving from just copying Western things to much impressive innovation - also business models with vast mass market. China 2) corruption crackdown applauded by masses without question unlike by some big shots.  Not surprising. Back from Beijing. China changing fast as entrepreneurs everywhere.
Beneath surface optimism abounds despite obvious difficulties ahead. Nice visit with our new CEO Ryan O'Hara in San Jose today. Great things to come. Exceptualism 2.   See Bret Stephens in WSJ.  we see better than our masters and liberal elites who despise ordinary folk.  viz prof Gruber! 2015 and American exceptionality.  In spite of pessimism, politicians and regulators, US owns 21st Century so far   Greatest innovations. Myanmar perhaps most Buddhist country in world.  Gold temples everywhere.   Another world.  Must come back before tourists wreck. From Aussie bush to sailing islands off Myanmar coast. Fascinating, beautiful country slowly opening after decades' self-imposed isolation. And a Merry Christmas to all from the beautiful Australian bush. Henry Kissinger's magnus opus World Order.. Great wisdom Now enjoying W Isaacson's Innovators. Decades of hardware, now software supreme. Bad week. Hostage killings in Sydney, mass slaughter in Pakistan, 
8 kids killed in Cairns, now 2 NYPD cops killed in Brooklyn. Family fun #skydiving over Australia's Blue Mountains... Sort of! AUST, UK and US likely to catch most plots.   Lone Wolves are the frightening danger. AUST gets wake-call with Sydney terror.   Only Daily Telegraph caught the bloody outcome at 2.00 am.  Congrats. Australian countryside more beautiful than ever, unlike California at present, more lush, birds more varied, colorful, etc. Iraq degenerating with militia groups claiming successful use of same barbaric methods as Sunni ISIS. If true, wonder if Western help right. Ex-CIA directors: interrogations saved lives.  Dem staff report disgraceful, many omissions and errors.  Whoever okayed this? Truly shameful Many heroic CIA, NYPD, others risked their lives to save the rest of us.  Now treated as villains. Fools emboldening enemies everywhere. Backstage at at The House of Blues in West Hollywood #TurnUpForIdol Just seen amazing video of new Chinese two wheel electric car, balanced with sensors, high speed, etc. Hope to drive in Jan in Beijing! Change the subject. What chance more decent jobs as Europe, Japan, Russia, India, China all start to head south? Dangerous time. making more diversity in films?  Yes, and I want to see more Latinos too.  More diversity everywhere, so get used to it. Okay, there are many shades of color.  Nothing racist about that, so calm down! Everybody-attacks last tweet.  Of course Egyptians are Middle Eastern, but far from black. They treated blacks as slaves. Moses film attacked on Twitter for all white cast. Since when are Egyptians not white?  All I know are. Oil price conspiracy theorists nuts.  Never heard of thing called 
"The market" ?  Likewise page3 critics not looking at changes. UK PM speaks today on immigration crisis.  His problem - lack of credibility.  Anyone listening? Whole family enjoyed film A Brief History of Time, starring brilliant Eddie Redmayne, now waiting to see Imitation Game. Vale Phillip Hughes, great young Aussie cricket hero.  Brilliant sportsman killed by fast ball at back of neck. Role model lost for millions Obama's endless new ozone regs would needlessly damage jobs, business.  Understand coal, if done slowly, but oil and gas totally wrong. Oil prices fall and fall.  Great news for consumers everywhere.  In US bigger than any possible tax cut. Great for London Sun and freedom of speech.  Journalist cleared on public interest  grounds, top Tory snob minister  loses libel action. US most needs more decent jobs, less regulations.  New Obama ozone regs will hurt both existing and potential start-up businesses. Thursday NYT Ferguson editorial most disgraceful yet.   We'll see what readers think. UK more dangerous.  Agreed. Everybody seems to be calling for perfect Southern border controls Almost impossible. What about Canadian border and returning ISIS killers? Gruber, not Bruner!  Sorry. Bruner, ACA architect, boasts US people dumb, so way understated price.  WH, Reid,Pelosi typical liberal arrogance.  Same in UK. Obama's immigration moves mild, but new Congress would have gone further. Hope they still do.  O playing politics, oversteps constitution. NY boom may hit a wall with new mayor and far left council. Hope I am wrong, but higher taxes, war on charter schools all developing. NY City Bloomberg boom continues with amazing high-rise apartments all over Manhattan fuelled by Russian oligarchs, Chinese, easy money, etc Great WSJ yeasty Historian Andrew Roberts on M.E. Holman Jenkins on airbag politics Review front on robotic skills making us dumber, more! NY State, outside city, in miserable condition.   Big test for Cuomo who  could transform vast area with fracking, , ignore ignorant Greens. Seems Obama made good choice for new AG. Reputation for fairness and strict legality. Amazing dance performance by Lil Buck,soon to be big star Great innovators celebration honors last night by WSJ Mag editor Kristina O'Neil.  Everybody at WSJ proud. Big night for US.  Senate control almost certain to change. Question is tight or big majority - say six? Huntsman jr says Tea Party damages Republicans. No big tent?  This elitist rubbish is pure snobbery and self- defeating. Salmond has not gone away. Bet Westminster tempts early return. And Milliband comes from famous Marxist family. No need to hide that. Thank God - and@Gordon Brown- UK not in Euro which bringing Europe to breaking point, deflation, huge youth unemployment , etc In UK only Salmond and Farage connecting with people. Big Tory asset Marxist Milliband trusted even less than opportunist Cameron. Sunday NY Post shows police chief Bratton in impossible spot with mayor deBlasio bashing depressed cops full time.Danger ahead for NY. All Souls' Day. Timothy Cardinal Dolan speaks beautifully. All New Yorkers watching amazing athletes run Marathon in tough weather.  Inspiring. Even tennis champ Wozniacki runs tenth n fast time. Wash Post shows 35 per cent registered Latinos under 30 leaning Republican.   Big change from Romney disaster. Very proud of friend on his book Lessons of Hope. Relentless advocate for students and better schools Great WSJD Conference.  Congrats and many thanks to all staff and helpers led by Dorothea Herrey.   Enjoyed by all. Elizabeth Warren right about middle class hardship, minority misery.
Real challenge to Trying out my new drone with Paul #WSJDLive Economist showing Europe heading for serious recession, euro currency a huge mistake.   UK lucky, but a political wreck. Republicans need forward looking agenda.  Agreed, although many have. Try Paul Ryan, Jeb Bush, Rand Paul. Election polls mostly very close, but something very wrong if no Republican wave. Quarantine for returning medicos obviously right, but they should be treated as selfless heroes, not roughly met at airports. Pray for Doctor Craig Spencer, Ebola suspect.   Doctors Without Borders are today's greatest heroes. Race to the bottom!  Multi-million $ effort by teachers to throw out many reforming governors after gaining control in NY, LA, and DC. Huge percentage of African Americans now below poverty line.
Biggest disappointment of so-called "recovery". Enjoying brilliant, often provocative, Peter Thiel book, Zero to One.
Will buy many and distribute to all senior  execs. Clarifications, crazy tweeters. Editors make newspapers, not businessmen.  Court award of $ 800 m belongs to over 
100,000 Fox share holders Endeavour and other spacecraft full of essential computer software.
Nothing to power of today's smartphone.  Luckily own beautiful
IPhone 6. Will return with more family whenever possible.   Philanthropists who made this possible deserve great thanks. Proud to be an American. Just took son&grandson to California science exhibition in LA fantastic show of spacecraft,other U.S. achievements Oil down from $107 to $85 as US output rises, broke Nicaragua pumps every ounce possible, Iran increases, etc. Good as Russia gets hurt most Trillions lost in  few weeks on oil, other commodities.   Tough, but good for lowering most costs for all, from families to factories. Potential Ebola crisis needs immediate world-wide thorough precautions, not panic. Almost unbelievable US treating Qatar as ally when they financing most of our enemies. Today Fox News' 18 th birthday!  Last week No I cable channel, including entertainment, Great achievement by Roger Ailes and wonderful team. News journals can prosper and  live with smart use of digital. Some already doing brilliantly in different countries. Newspapers suffered mor from radio (60 yrs ago) and tv (30 yrs) than Internet today. What happened to evening papers before dial arrived? Too early to be sure, but November election shaping up as a Republican wave.  Could lead to immigration reform and some economic progress. NY mayor deBlasio' tax and regulations will soon stop Bloomberg's progressive momentum.  Tragic for world's greatest city. Congrats to Fox folk on Gone Girl, coming this Friday.  Terrific reviews of brilliantly crafted suspense thriller. Opened NY Film Festival. NO tax avoidance by News, Fox or any Murdochs in Australia.  Courts ruled, so move on! US economy mixed at best, saved by massive shale gas finds, lower energy costs.   Look at Texas v. New York State. Elites'policies crushing poor, printing money etc, uneconomic climate investments,all causing higher costs, more inequality. 
Backlash near Brit Labour conference a real downer, Tories now shaping up for same.   Meanwhile UKIP surge likely guarantees Labour victory next May. British Justice Secretary tells Scots "get off my lawn".  Will Cameron
now say the same thing to EU?  Needs to, to win coming election. Most interesting week in British politics in memory.  Gordon Brown, a man reborn,most effective. Cameron's solo politics a knock-out. Proposing Britain becomes a big Switzerland logical outcome of first promise to Scots, is pretty revolutionary. Many doubters, maybe delay. Cameron's  promise of devolution, now for all parts of country, without consulting cabinet, clever politics, but divisions in all parties. Alex Salmond's sudden resignation makes him most honest politician in Britain.   Actually he seems to have changed country's future. Really proud of the whole team at Scottish Sun for superb coverage of referendum.   And grateful. Exit polls sound very ominous for YES.  Now everybody on both sides must ensure Cameron and Milliband keep heir promises and not weasel out. Nonsense reports alleging violence in Scotland, surprisingly good mannered crowds both sides. May change tonight with pubs open all night! Scotland now voting.  Nobody can be sure of outcome, but Yes organisation likely to make it very close.  Either way, UK changes forever. Huge AUST surprise anti-terrorist raids netted many suspects. Also seems $9m stolen and sent to ISIS. Just saw the hilarious Simpsons short video on YouTube. Brilliant fun. Correction.  Battle of Bannockburn was June 1314,  treaty with England signed in September! SNP not talking about independence, but more more welfarism, expensive greenery, etc and passing sovereignty to Brussels. Scottish economy may or may not be ready for independence, but country is ready emotionally and politically.  However....... Coincidence or fate?   Sept 18 2014  700 years since Battle of Bannockburn threw off English yoke. But now SNP wants to swap UK rule for EU. With all- party promises of max devolution, if kept, Britain will be a different place, certainly better managed.  Tough negotiations ahead. That process must continue.   Despite English patronising, whatever the outcome, extremists on both sides will fade, warm feelings return. Foundations continue to lift millions out of poverty.  World an
Immeasurably better place, living standards continue upwards for billions. Should remember Scots invented modern world 200 odd years ago with Scottish Enlightenment.  Free people, free markets, decent restraints. Scotland. Have to worry about some of Salmond's allies. Far left socialists and extreme greenies. Must change course to prosper if he wins. Another ISIS beheading reminds us world's biggest crisis today is
war of barbarism v. civilisation. NO camp counter- productive with bullying and lies,until  Brown entered. But most don't knows will vote No, on " better the devil we know". With hundreds of thousands who never voted before, how can polls with small samples be sure.   Mixed forecasts prove nobody can tell. Unprecedented 97 per cent registered.   Everywhere alive with debate. Democracy truly at work.  Both sides predicting victory. Cameron and Brown have promised so much more devolution if No wins,  Britain will look like a federation.  Bet many Tories outraged. Tried 24 hours incognito Scottish visit (failed!). No politicians, just street and pub talks.   Glasgow, Aberdeen, Rosehearty. Great people. Congratulations to wonderful Anna Patrice Botin on appointment as Chairman of best Spanish bank, Santander.  Will do great job. Scotland.   Sun- Times poll has four point lead for No, Guardian two,
Salmon folks tiny lead to Yes.   Nobody knows. Shocking! Obama trouble in getting meaningful support for war on barbaric ISIS.   Allies distrustful.   US history of letting friends down. Salmond a friend, great politician, man of the people, etc, but I would be much happier with another great Scottish AS - Adam Smith! New poll disappointing for Salmond, but not a big deal.   Still all to play for.  But AS had a bad day, promising membership of the EU. Okay, how would Salmond govern?     Socialist paradise no.
People need jobs, decent pay, streamline bureaucracy,new investment. No EU. Congrats to on their new direct-to-consumer math game Twelve A Dozen, available now. More here What happened to the Scottish Enlightenment?   US owes more to it than England.     How would Salmond rule? Did not mean to hurt Piers Morgan.   Piers a friend and a legend. Piers Morgan seems unemployed after failing to attract any audience in US.   Seemed out of place.  Once talented, now safe to ignore. Generations of Scottish  preacher forefathers came from beautiful northern fishing village, Rosehearty.   Now totally silted up. Sad. Scots better people than to be dependants of London.   Hard choice with real pain for some time.   Maybe too much. Bigger problem!   Wrestling with Scottish vote.  Scottish Sun No. 1.
Head over heart, or just maybe both lead to same conclusion. Page 3 again.  Aren't beautiful young women more attractive in at least some fashionable clothes?   Your opinions please. Brit feminists bang on forever about page 3.  I bet never buy paper
I think old fashioned but readers seem to disagree. Old Apple = Steve, new Apple = Tim plus entire executive team working as one.  Cultural contrast is stark and good to … Apple A8 processor.  Imagine new microchip containing two billion transistors!  Yes, two billion! Apple presentation amazing production.  New, much better iPhones, ApplePay, IWatch all beautifully designed. Deserve to be world's No 1 coy. In Silicon Valley . What a different perspective one gets.  Optimism, risk, brilliance, innovation at all ages.  Success, failure, no fear. When Education Secretary tried to correct in some schools Cameron sacked him.    General public disgusted. British six scandal n Rotherham too horrible . Problem in other northern cities endemic.  Labour councils cover up Reverse racism. Australia very similar to US.   New world vs. old world? Muslims 1per cent of US, basically very well integrated.  UK 4 plus and France 5, man more joining ISIS and majority far from integrated Scotland.  Now southern parties all promising much new autonomy if vote is No.  Problem for them now is credibility. Also too late. Salmond's private polls predict 54-46  Yes. Desperate last ten days ahead for both sides.   Most powerful media, BBC, totally biased for No. my opinion sure to happen.  No, but Salmond very clever and sure to press on, or will Scots chicken out on the day? Scottish poll reflects world-wide disillusion with political leaders and old establishments leaving openings for libertarians and far left. Next week is Apple's turn.   Early indications some great innovative products.  Still wonderful company. Yesterday and today meeting  great artist, now turned tech entrepreneur with mind-blowing ideas.  Certainly ambitious Scottish independence means huge black eye for whole political establishment, especially Cameron and Milliband. London Times will shock Britain and more with reliable new poll on Scottish independence.  If right on 18 th vote everything up for grabs Paul Ryan book story of growth and true conviction calling for new national direction, small but compassionate govt, told with real humility Publishers and authors all fighting Amazon Amazon fighting book publishers for higher margins.  Result might be cheaper books, but end of all remaining book shops. Monopoly for Amazon Only way for shared growth and re-employment of millions is massive, even risky, deregulation, allow small businesses to start up and grow. World's central bankers meet, most with failed policies printing money, causing big inflation in asset values, very few jobs. Friend of privacy?  New planned Google mapping satellites will carry high definition cameras capable of facial recognition! Recapture of Mosul Dam was great cooperative effort, but further actions await Obama's decision. Tough one but no real choice. ISIS can only be beaten by policy of elimination and even then with difficulty.  This is historic war of barbarism v, civilization. Looking forward to reading Paul Ryan's The Way Forward.  Ryan the most influential Republican in Congress.  Will report. Why are CA jails  filled with largely young guilty of minor crimes? Jerry Brown, please. Vast expense, social damage. Overpaid staff too. Will Congress act on demilitarisation of police when it reconvenes? NSA privacy invasion bad, but nothing compared to Google. Barbaric ISIS has few hundred US Brit & Oz  recruits, all planning to return. Secret services' no idea of identities. Huge dangers ahead. US has historic high in people out of work.  Major changes needed to open opportunities, fix schools,or face more Fergusons. Paul "demilitarise the police".    Mighty interesting but is it practical?    Maybe test in one big city first, but principle right. In SF just looking many start ups, mixed successes ahead, but Stripe, by brilliant Collison brothers outstanding. Great to be with at our retreat. Looking forward to another fantastic season of #Europe finished for ten years or forever? Hope not, but they share key enemy to South with Russia.  Theory sounds glib, but not impossible. Asked is my daughter friend of David Cameron?   Don't know, but hope not.   Really not my business. At Camp Laurel, Maine visiting daughter. Great experience for kids, new friends, different activities all maturing, teaching independence. Don't worry,the kangaroos were there, fat and happy!   Now back to NY and real work with difficult decisions. Hundreds of kangaroos did right thing and showed up for great pix. Relaxing at last. Few hours in magnificent Aussie bush. Ewes lambing, cows calving, great season. Later hoping show off mobs of kangaroos. Sorry can't buy Trib group or LA Times - cross-ownership laws from another age still in place. Just had exciting week in Australia with great team digging company out of many holes.  Also met great group of young inventors. Sorry, I have been busy lately with many preoccupations! Wonderful issue today of WSJ marking 125 th anniversary  creating great interest. Just saw wonderful film The Fault is in the Stars.  Beautiful story, amazing tear jerker.  Congrats again to all at Fox.' Excited for X-Men! China's purchases of all possible African natural resources - and elsewhere - alarming.   We just GIVE billions not even causing growth. Anti-Chinese riots and factory burnings in Vietnam serious and may spread. Our prayers are with the missing Nigerian girls and their families. It's time to #BringBackOurGirls. -mo Hard to believe slave trade, not just sex, still prevalent in Africa and large parts of Middle East.  UN as-ever unconcerned and useless. Story of lipped Nigerian girls horrifying.   8 more today!   Outrage not enough.   Only safe return, justice for perpetrators. Story of kidnapped Nigerian girls horrifying,   Another 8 today! Outrage not enough.only safe return, justice for perpetrators. Great day at Kentucky Derby.  A real American institution.  150,000 people having a great time, but with a lot of tradition. Warren Buffett complains about Omaha hotel rates moving.  Thought he believed in free markets, supply and demand, etc? Silicon Valley one day, next Miami.    What a great country of booming contrasts!     Pity most of country in between not so happy. Google attack on NSA extreme nerve.   Google has more data on all of us and uses it.   No evidence of NSA doing this. Ethical company? Just completing week in Silicon Vy.  Exponential increase in innovation, not just here but world wide.   Implications ( jobs?) unpredictable Google grows more exciting.   Now hiring top academics to work on anti- aging God bless and happy Easter for all Christians, especially those suffering persecution in many countries. Yesterday saw mind blowing demonstration of virtual reality developed by Oculus, snapped up for $2 bn by Facebook. Congrats, Mark. Vegans wake up!    Bill Clinton looks incredibly healthy after giving up this nonsense. We all need a little red meat. No,   Never give up. Great morning taking young daughters to Rio2.  Fantastic animation with nice story, even if politically correct!  Idealistic , good for kids How long before Putin moves further on Ukraine?  Kerry sounds pathetic, EU gutless.   Neighbours now terrified and seem friendless. Stock market dive overdue, may have further to go.   Means fewer IPOs this year.   Meanwhile Alibaba getting hassled by Chinese government. Who advised POTUS to embrace Al Sharpton on very day new scandal erupted?   Sharpton always a rogue disgraces otherwise good causes. Microsoft moves and options for future fascinate.  Need for big clean out of bureaucracy and focus on next big tech wave.  Metadata? Why did Al Sharpton allow FBI to wire him?   Patriotism or blackmail pressure? Repeat Afghan election a triumph.  Country bears no resemblance to ten years ago.   Taliban reduced to small, ineffective number. Please join Jon Stewart, Sarah Palin & me in supporting returning veterans in their careers: Via Afghan successful, peaceful election, taken with condition of country, will make millions of critics reconsider.  Looks like triumph. Congrats to & everyone at #HIMYM on an amazing run. 20th Century Fox TV is proud producer 500,000 followers on twitter! put me over the line.  Will have to send him some gear to say thanks. 40 per cent of early deaths caused by life style.   Left alone, insurers would soon educate people eating crap, smoking, etc. Sick of world being run by central bankers.   Where are some strong democratic political leaders?   Let rates float and watch people save. UKIP,Farage still making progress.   Without a deal Cameron will be dead meat after 2015 elections.  Prepare for Radical Labour. Signs Obama's pressure on Putin friends is being felt.   Should lay it on harder.   They only understand money. And warn off Baltics. US just finished ten days campaign of political correctness. now we should not use the word bossy.  We encourage bossy bosses of both sexes. Where will this end?   Guinness pulls out of religious parade bullied by gay orgs who try to take it over.  Hope all Irish boycott the stuff Charter school fight leads to greater understanding and helps all education reformers.  Issue will not go away. de Blasio attack on charter schools  major issue. Heat  being applied by few wealthy supporters flooding effective tv.  National issue soon. 777. Still think this a reminder that US and China should be working more closely on Muslim extremist threat. World seems transfixed by 777 disappearance.  Maybe no crash but stolen, effectively hidden, perhaps in Northern Pakistan, like Bin Laden. 777crash confirms jihadists turning to make trouble for China.   Chance for US to make common cause, befriend China while Russia bullies. Looking to punish Putin?    Easy!   Freeze or impound all cash and assets of oligarchs in US, UK, and reachable tax havens. NYC now totally managed by leftist activists with no experience in running anything beyond protests.  Big mess ahead. Obama should all Chinese President following today's incident and say " we both have the problem of Muslim terrorism. Can we work together?" Charters.  How can de Blasio do this same day Obama making major effort for disadvantaged black and Latino boys. Charters. Mayor, WHY? This hurts poor families who only want a better school for their kids!  Parents outraged. Education. Private sector, churches, community organizations must all support our disadvantaged youth. POTUS right to focus on youth education. All kids deserve good full high school ed.  Huge dropout rate enlarges underclass impoverishing
USA Pope Francis appoints brilliant Cardinal Pell from Sydney to be  no.3 power in Vatican.  Australia will miss him but world will benefit. Be sure to see amazing and moving film Son of God, releasing this Friday. Congrats to Mark Burnett and Roma Downey.  Very special film. Best of luck to all the great films nominated for Oscars. How long will POTUS sit out the slaughter in Kiev?  Tough, effective pressure possible. But no sign of anything.  This is a big one. Wild winter in US, UK, etc.  no respectable evidence any of this man made climate change in spite of blindly ignorant politicians. $90 for 100& 24/7 tv channels expensive? Try family outing two hour movie and compare. Great partnership between spotify and Times of London. Fabulous tone quality.  I link spotify to my jambox. Interesting fact.  Last 20 yrs life expectancy for women not high school graduated  has declined five years, three for men. POTUS has called ed conference at White House this Thursday.  Hope a real effort coming with big measures.  We'll see. Answers lie in education, where we've gone way backwards, and deregulating everywhere to allow entrepreneurship to restart. Fast too. US recovery third straight with no job increase.  Great, enriching, innovations pushing millions out of work force.   Just starting. UK proposing 9 hour school days, many fewer holidays.9 hrs to include homework sport etc. polls show very popular especially working mothers Recent silence due bad back accident and other distractions. Keenly awaiting next week's State of the Union address. Opportunity for launching real education initiatives to give equal opportunity. Great edit in WSJ attacking DOJ for war on Apple.  Outrageous process  likely to be appealed forever. Australia in deep economic trouble left by last six year wildly incompetent govt. New govt must take quick, painful actions. Australia surrounded by vast gas and oil deposits. Huge developments financed by Chinese, Japanese contracts while local industries closing. Amid Xmas extravagance and festivities, Christians should pray for millions of fellow believers being killed and persecuted in Middle East. Just landing in Australia after endless flight.  Worth it. What's better than family Xmas, even in heat wave? Bloomberg seems busy talking about his achievements I Why? History will do it.  Greatest mayor yet, future now frightening. 2013 ends with Paul Ryan the most respected and outstanding Republican. Principled and modest.  Trusted by all sides. Much excitement about. Wonderful company doing big things in digital content and video, will be a great asset to . Huge changes as Putin snares Ukraine after complete EU incompetence. Maybe mass protesters can hold out. Deflation worrying world. Energy glut, disruptive techs, destroy skilled jobs.  Answer: deregulate everywhere possible, open opportunities. NYTimes says I'm most eligible bachelor!   Wish I was forty years younger. Money funded and raised by Mike Milken to cure prostrate cancer over twenty years sees annual death rate down from 150,000 to 29,000. Pope Francis messages great and needed, but forgets free markets, with all their faults, have recently lifted one billion out of poverty. Congratulations to new Twitter director.  Let's hope she does not repeat Nokia accomplishment! Good US and UK figures this week.   Don't trust them until we see much more.  People still having  hard times. Rich richer, poor poorer. US moving ever- faster to class society.  Equal opportunity ideal must be restored and progress made or all will suffer. Watch new Merkel govt take mighty Germany into gentle decline. EU fast becoming leaderless bureaucratic quagmire. Monterey Aquarium next to famous Cannery Row must be one of best in nation.    Loved it, as did party of kids. No more deep diving! Of course Washington also very great president.  Without him and LINCOLN no US today. Few other greats & plenty of well- meaning disasters. Great time to be reading Rich Lowry's fascinating new             

Lincoln Unbound.  Surely our greatest, most interesting president. Happy Thanksgiving all.  Busy teaching young generation it's full meaning. Pity no action this year on immigration. Obama working with Republicans gives hope for real action early 2014, otherwise take years. Thanks for all for attending WSJ CEO conference, especially President. WSJ  CEO conference great success. Plenty of worries. Obama, Christie, Ryan very impressive, but Summers knockout with sheer brilliance. Pope Francis revitalising Church worldwide with wonderful challenging statements and actions. Certainly making me, like others, rethink much Looks like QE keeps going for long time, just making rich richer leaving masses behind, also serious global dislocations. Reading Francis Collins in  WSJ on genetics, can we all live to 120 or more?  Probably not, but our children for sure. Inspiring evening in North Carolina for Billy Graham's 95 th birthday. 
800 dedicated evangelicals.  Good people doing good works. Tech driving world change ever faster.  Bill Gates, with his wonderful philanthropy argues otherwise, but using new tech in all great works. Newscorp sad case of damage by ignorant consultants.   Fast being repaired by infusion of experienced managers. Australia feels totally different to six months ago.  Govt will cut massive  regulations giving real optimism. Should cancel wild spending. Townsville Bulletin excellent local paper.  All North Australia will experience booming growth with new state and federal governments. Great to be with Frank Lowy tonight for the anniversary dinner. Honored to be a part of this event. Has Cameron got no idea of effects of ever-rising power charges on masses? Lose election or stop windmill nonsense , start fracking now, Riverina beautiful as ever, but whole state seems covered in smoke haze from big coastal forest fires.  Many homes destroyed. Paul Ryan emerging as real leader.   Responsible, consistent and on top of big issues. Oops! Better ignore last tweet. "Please expose Eric Schmidt, Google " etc.   Just wait! Big media trials in London in 2 weeks.   Remember, everyone innocent until proven guilty, entitled to fair trial in most countries. If universal reports true, O should quickly rename Obamacare as Pelosicare.   Smart Republicans lying low, waiting for next year. POTUS has spoken of entitlement reform and competitive corporate taxes Why wait?  Political point scoring ineffective after crisis past. SV/SF, Israel, Beijing will remain greatest centers of innovation so long as they keep attracting most clever young techies. Change unlikely Of course innovation is everywhere, but not great transformational work until governments get out of way.  Eg. EPA closing down nanotech. .G.  BBC has couple hundred right wingers!   2/12 per cent.      Name them. BBC has won, what hope for UK to join 21st century? Wake up. San Francisco - Silicon Valley spirit gives one new hope for US. World has three great innovation centres: SF, Israel, Beijing. That order. Back in amazing Silicon Valley. Wonderful Stanford University inspires. No deficit cuts pre fiscal cliff and both sides lose See polls. Obama ought to be happy with 80 per cent win. " I won" argument unpopular. My very best wishes to Michael Rooney, leaving Dow Jones/WSJ for sabbatical. A great, talented ad man. And tall! BBC massive taxpayer funded mouthpiece for tiny circulation leftist Guardian.  Meanwhile print media about to be gagged to protect toffs. Huge lack of balance in UK media with 8000 BBC left wing journalists far outnumbering all national print journalists. Let's hope POTUS has real negotiations before fiscal cliff, as all other presidents have done.   Otherwise he will be blamed for big crash. US energy self-sufficiency and  big bi-partisan deal would lead to years of boom, job growth.  Must come next few days or we face disaster. Govt shutdown and debt limit make for huge, dangerous crisis. Deal with plenty for both sides possible opening route to millions of jobs. Republicans, muscle shown, now link debt  to big deal: allow Obamacare for now, get entitlements change, biz tax cut, go for growth All win Simplicity so much easier, and both more beautiful and stronger.  Leads closer to fairness for all. Cruz' grandstanding will cost him long-term, smarter Rand Paul silent. Meanwhile# both sides seem incapable of political deal making. Are Republicans self-destructing just when Obama at his weakest? Partial govt shut-down small issue compared to possible default. .@GabbyStern1 enjoy, now turn out a great wsj tomorrow! Interesting visit from Afghan foreign minister.  Credits most progress to completely free media since2001. Election conduct next year vital. b.  am I turning libertarian?   In some respects always have been. German,, UK. US polls all show 18-24year olds turning libertarian. Want less govt at all levels, more opportunities now.Historic moment. Week ends with confusion about Fed policy, but growing realization most of economy, and mass of families, in bad shape, not improving. elliott.  Pope taking Church down path of Anglicans.  Wrong! Many Anglicans divided and some  really giving up all faith. Pope Francis setting great example in humility and thought provoking  open thinking.   Really refreshing. Great first day by PM Abbott firing top bureaucrats,merging departments and killing carbon tax.  Much more to do yet. WH courageous in refusing greedy demands for Obamacare exemptions for big unions.   Encouraging. Game, set and match to Putin with unknown consequences. Maybe right to arm secular rebels six months ago, now too late. Al Gore.  Pls explain record increase in Arctic ice. Other greenies crippling US growth in opposing safe tracking for natural gas. Unprecedented hard times for US youth generation, but nothing compared to Europe.  Euro currency discipline making for bigger social crisis. US recovery hard to find across country.  Real wages since 2007 for under 35s down, over 35s up average less than one per cent. Really tough Reading all the tributes to Hillary Clinton as amazingly hard working Secretary of State. But what legacy did she leave? Congratulations to the entire team on their website relaunch.  More great things to come! As long predicted, QE2 would not create jobs, only make rich richer.Now, how to back off without further damage? Small item:   Apart from higher pay, public workers in Australia take many more sick days than those in hard working private sector! where is my evidence?   Listen to talk back radio in UK and US, see masses of letters to editors and you will be convinced. biggest problem multinationals not paying taxes? Not biggest, but real problem. Amazon,Google, etc should pay like rest of us. "Tele wot won it"!   No, Australians just sick of Gillard'-Rudd incompetence and infighting wrecking great county. "Tele wot won it"!  No. Australians just sick of GilardRudd believe in Paid Parental Leave?  Yes, completely, but should and could be paid for by business, not taxpayers. Aust election public sick of public sector workers and phony welfare scroungers sucking life out of economy.Others nations to follow in time House and Senate members receiving record number of constituency calls overwhelmingly opposed to Syrian intervention. Price of sudden US isolationism will be huge power vacuum waiting to be filled by very willing bad guys. Stealth bombers too expensive?  Really?  Paid off well for Bill Clinton in Balkans. Nobody wants invasion of Syria by US, but what will a few Tomahawks achieve?  Where are our Stealth bombers if we need them? What is worse n Syria?  Monster Assad backed by Iran and Russia or Al Qeada and Brotherhood with even bigger ambitions?  Shame O boxed in. Obama in huge gamble risking lame duckery. Clinton never asked before throwing missiles around. Polls will be terrible unless Assad repeats. Fracking will make US not only energy independent but cheapest country for industry, homes, etc with massive boost for employment Wake up NY Google way ahead with metadata.  Yes, but not without some  interesting players competing with great leaders. Msoft cash may tempt Microsoft change fascinating.  Big hedge funds at least partly responsible. Successor needs to get back in front of tech world. Metadata? Obama attack on spiralling tertiary education costs right, but should focus on failing K-12 scandal, hurting especially minority kids. Conviction politicians hard to find anywhere.  Australia's  Tony Abbott rare exception. Opponent Rudd all  over the place convincing nobody. Good for UK Chief Rabbi Sacks!  "Let's put multiculturalism  behind us". Societies have to integrate.  Muslims find it hardest. FS I is channel 219 on Direct. Saturday Fox produced 86 hours live sports on various channels, with
FSI beating ESPN in prime time.  Congrats to all. Coming drug breakthroughs plus genetics plus Internet plus big data all mean amazing advances in sight for healthcare - both cost, longevity So much for a quiet summer Friday in New York: just dropped by! launches tomorrow "The Last Column" - the final piece of steel to be taken out of Ground Zero, will be a centerpiece of the museum. Emotional and moving visit to 9/11 Memorial and Museum (under construction) with and Joe Daniels Cutting regs needed to create opportunities for jobless graduates and middle class to start small businesses and get real growth. Political class horrible.  Just look at NY Sate and city prospects. Pols gutless, incompetent and too many corrupt. While jobless increase. US job crisis very serious.  Stimulus v. Deficit debate irrelevant. All levels of govt must cut regulations, company tax ( and deductions) Oz politics!  We all like ideal of NBN, especially perfect for Foxtel. But first how can it be financed in present situation? Over regulation, both fed, state and county, and uncertainty stopping small business start ups essential for recovery and employment. Friday job figures terrible. Lowest percentage in work for 30 years.20pc workers on part time. Average wages going down, food etc prices up. Consider K-12 system.  Every kid should graduate well, vs today's 30pc drop out. Let's try vouchers, like New Orleans. Great results @JohnRentoul "great fortunes don't survive long".  Not talking about the Brit class system. opportunities exist, just being killed by regulations.  Right, and uncertainty. billionaires paying almost no taxes.  How about starting killing ALL deductions and flat tax on all after first 50k? Making rich poorer won't do much.  Giving opportunity to poor to become rich is the only way forward. Great fortunes don't survive long. am I off Capri.  No!  Working in NY. Disparity of wealth much worse with Fed printing trillions, most of it ending up in Wall Street automatically making rich richer. POTUS right about greater and greater disparity of wealth. Even worse societal effects than he realises. BUT curable with good education. Job situation remains terrible.  Wide small business startups needed. Make possible by slashing regulations, fed, state and county. Only way Polls show Congress in low public esteem.  Unfair to many good people, but problem is complete leadership vacuum except for Paul Ryan. NY mayoral hopeful Weiner almost tragic if not so funny.   What a sicko.  Should help city by just fading away. How come Apple profits down?,   US stores were jam- packed last weekend.   Poor economy must be forcing buyers to lower priced products. Met PM Abe few weeks ago. Huge victory Sunday gives great opportunity to bring Japan back but it will be very tough changing culture. Congratulations Chris Froome on great win.   Also Team Sky, second Tour de France win in succession. what opportunities do I give?    How about 50,000 jobs? Obama race remarks understandable, but unwise.  Already great role model, should be preaching responsibility and equal opportunity for all. For decades Americans been wasting billions on ethanol, either thru taxes or at the pump. Getting worse.  Both parties at fault. Corrupt. Putin internal suppression, external trouble making getting seriously worse. Why not chuck Russia out of G8? Sen Reid right!   Boehner should allow House of Reps to vote on immigration.  Lead, for country's sake. Great discussion on Egypt at Allen and Co.  New coup seems just Chapter Two in move to democracy.   Let's hope. Almost unbelievable.  Both Spitzer and Weiner running for office. Contrition apparently out of date. Independence Day.  Immigration is our history and immigration MUST be our future.  Multi-ethnicities and equality under law for all. Congressional Republicans may be missing great opportunity on immigration, hurt US as we'll as selves. Where's the leadership? Thanks to good friends and for joining our 21st Century Fox team today. Australian public now totally disgusted with Labor Party wrecking country with it's sordid intrigues.  Now for a quick election. Wow!  Snow den in Moscow looking for refuge. Once again Putin testing POTUS. Don't look for early peace in Syria.   Putin determined keep Middle East on boil to sustain oil prices essential for sick Russian economy. do I think $GOOG chair Eric Schmidt behind Prism?  Unlikely, but plenty of other things which may come to light soon. Pope Francis preaches and clearly practices humility.  Doing God's work by example.  Now needs to reorganize Curia. New NT Chief Minister Adam Giles showing leadership and courage in tackling terrible abuse of indigenous kids.  Saving a generation. Wonderful article by Bill Cosby in NYPost today on personal responsibility.  Cosby a great iconic figure for decades. If pay rates right, how come huge projects being cancelled, even restaurants and bars can't open on Sundays or holidays? Sorry.  No. 2 fell off iPad somehow!  Can wait. Australia 3. Problems ahead: falling exports, businesses contracting all over with extreme labor costs, alarming employment trends. $ diving Australia 1. Still happy, beautiful as ever with huge long term potential. Needs govt with big vision for north, education, wide reversals. My thoughts go out to the family of Yunupingu, a great musician and Australian who taught us much about our Aboriginal brothers and sisters what about Mexican grads?  Of course, if they want. But Mexico now growing  new president fighting for great reforms. Will take  off too many European bludgers going to UK for welfare. Will make British even more anti- European. On way from the  Land of the Free (?) to the Lucky Country for a few days hard work. Of course we have unemployed grads in US, but grads of what?  We're talking about high paid STEM jobs. We have to provide path to citizenship for millions of hard working, honest Latinos.  Can only strengthen the country. Immigration drags on. Meanwhile many millions great graduates unemployed in Europe who would enrich US. ( and Australia).1000 s of jobs open so does the Old Testament.   True, but we have had something called the Reformation.   Remember? Koran(2) "except as punishment for murder or other villainy" then defined as "those who wage war against Allah" punishable by beheading. Get real.  Koran says(1) "whoever killed a human being...it shall be regarded as having killed all mankind... Kelly says his success luck.   Truth is otherwise, Ray just too modest. Maybe lucky to have support from great mayor. Many UK tweeters say no terror.  Admirable, gutsy, but get real and go listen at some mosques. Admit most okay, but others really scary. Shame if Times backed Miliband.  Ask editor, but bet no danger. With UK on terror alert, Cameron off on holiday in Ibiza. Unbelievable. Ray Kelly great public servant.  Only hope of averting disaster for NY. Look at  alternatives lining up to bankrupt city , hobble cops, etc. Top Republicans pushing NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly to enter mayor's race challenge Cameron help to RedEd. Maybe be reverse, way to give stronger alternative if given time to change course. Religion is the belief in someone else's experience.Spirituality is having your own experience #Atheism is no experience … Cameron be PM next year.  Probably right, and longer.  Only pointed to sudden controversy. UK politics suddenly very fluid.  Even Spectator magazine speculating challenge to Cameron.  After three years what will be his legacy? Congratulations to Artsy for big success at Art Basel  in Hong Kong attracting most top Chinese collectors and best artists. outraged but not scared.   Great.  Wear Help for Heroes   T-shirts and support all troops. Lock up the evil brainwashers. London horror killing will be big test for Cameron.   Could save him or finish him if he mishandles.   Public rightly scared and outraged. Not up with UK details, but nothing seems to change except UKIP surge, whose immigration policies I can not buy. power of press.  You and so many tweeters plain paranoid.   Get real. Oz polls show nothing can save this miserable govt. Election can not come soon enough.  People decided and tuned out months ago. Death of Richard Beeston sad loss for The Times. Great journalist and wonderful man. All thee abortion mills pure evil.  Completely true. Terrible blot on modern society, but protected successfully by liberals. Yahoo buying Tumblr like us buying MySpace.  No, they much more expert. Also Chinese and Japanese holdings exceed value whole coy. @joshgreenman simpler the tax the more for charitable giving.  True- and important. Ap CEO called govt action unconstitutional.  Watched his interview and thought very impressive. Has Gosnell troubled our  conscience?   Must have.  Terrible story, and worse, probably being repeated in several places across country. Laurene Powell Jobs fighting for Dream Act.   Congratulations and strength to you. NYC taxes reasonable?   Yes best city, but wait for next year with Bloomberg gone and the pension bills roll in, plus, plus. yes, taxes on all my earnings, but not complaining. Just suggesting possible method to avoid all too obvious IRS abuses. What is Fairtax?  Consumption tax?  Very regressive.  Here in New York I pay federal, state and city income taxes, totalling well over 50 pc Growing IRS scandal makes perfect case for flat tax and abolition all deductions.  Nothing could be fairer and abuse free. @amplify not losing money.  Not even in business yet. Australian carbon tax a gesture to show China something.  Think one billion hungry Chinese studying us for a lesson?  Come on! ShouldBloomberg execs resign? Ask Mike, not my problem. Australia itself makes no carbon problem.  China does, but what can we do other than meaningless gestures costly to every home? Australia one of best economies in world. Not now, but can and will be one day. Also one of best countries. Tony Abbott should not be making any promises .  Carbon tax and giveaways should  be scrapped Inheriting broke country. Fix up first. Look out Facebook!   Hours spent participating per member dropping seriously.   First really bad sign as seen by crappy MySpace years ago. Only way to handle the  IRS story is for a special prosecutor. Else one arm of highly politicised govt investigating another arm. Bad week. IRS story getting bigger every day. Maybe dominate ewes cycle for some time. Other biggie, Bloomberg reporters spying on financial clients!b Somewhere IRS out of control going after not just Tea Party followers, but organisations using the word Patriot in title.Explain please. Wonderful homily by Cardinal Dolan at St Pat's this morning:
The primacy of the invisible - spirit, love, loyalty aspiration, etc. About to celebrate buying beautiful small vineyard right in LA.  Great wine, Moraga, owned by great Angelino, Tom Jones. Time cover,1961! JPMorgan would be up a creek without Jamie Dimon as Chairman. One of the smartest, toughest guys around. Didn't bend when times got hard. Nielsen survey for US included all media.  Showed huge engagement tv and social, but national newspapers top for public trust.. New Nielsen survey shows national newspapers, print and web, most trusted source for news.. Social media, bad last, used very differently. Is anyone complaining about Page 3 pix a reader.  Enough of this elitist nonsense! Labour not solely responsible for hatred of me.  Agreed.  Look to many old Tory establishment types. Great to be part of Milken Conference immigration debate yesterday. Big reforms needed: path to citizenship, H1Bs! why, one day hand reins to children?  My father gave me great opportunity in media, one day want to do the same if kids worthy have not seen BBC deco yet, but hope to sometime. Sounds unusually fair, bar some minor inaccuracies. af Neil the real power behind me.  B.S. many people contributed much much more but not self promoters. Crumbling empire!  Not so fast, friend. Just watch! why am I against the BBC?@ I'm not at all, just in favor of maximum possible choice. Call it democracy. why am I against the BBC?  I'm not, just in favor of maximum  possible choice for all. Call it democracy. Milken Conference. Extraordinary array of 2500 leaders from many industries and academies from 50 countries.   Monday:  immigration debate. American workers should work longer hours? NO!  US workers greatest  in world, especially non- govt employes. never recommending total deregulation of everything, but cutting all red tape currently stopping battlers starting small firms difficult to change mindset.  Not necessarily.  Look at Scandinavia. you can re- educate factory workers for better jobs, just as giving kids trapped in awful schools opportunity to prosper later. Abundance, Asia, Automation squashing US middle class.  Answer? 
Innovation, education, immigration, deregulation. All possible. Eric Schmidt claims bs.   If they can censor porn, they can stop invitations to piracy. What did week ow about Saville? Ever heard of UK legal system? Happy birthday!  And enjoy Anzac Day. $2.50!  I stand corrected. NYT op-Ed today argues. US inhospitality to teenage migrants led to Boston terror attack.  Give us a break!  And they charge $2.00! unelected cultural elites ruling not just Australia. what can lower m class do? Very little with new regulations every day stifling initiative.   Just too hard. re class war.  Problem is the system preventing the great majority from fair opportunity.   Too much govt prevents start-ups redistributive taxation.   We've got that.  We need great public education and opportunity for all to progress without limits. need to encourage investment.  Only practical course is through massive startups of small businesses. Regulations too harsh when poor stop getting poorer we'll see progress.   Could not agree more. Fed continues printing mountains of money, chasing non-existent inflation.  Rich just getting richer, rest going nowhere. Trouble inevitable deletion of Millie Dowler's emails.   As stated by police, and properly published everywhere but Guardian, NOT done by NOTW. Ho! Ho! Leverson becomes Loverson!   Can affirm Santorini very romantic. Needless FAA cuts politics at their worst.   Millions will be inconvenienced. prayer and meditation of God much better.   Yes, but maybe room for both.  I'll report progress. Trying to learn transcendental meditation.  Everyone recommends, not that easy to get started, but said to improve everything! All NYPost pics were those distributed by FBI.   And instantly withdrawn when FBI changed directions. Why does British establishment protect famous alleged BBC paedophiles while demonising popular journalists.  Toffs for toffs, hell to public Congratulations.  James Harding new head of BBC News. Right man for right job.  Need to cut down cultural arrogance ruining Britain. Farewell Iron Lady. Great radical achieved huge changes, but still much to do. Proposed immigration changes big step in right direction.  Deserves great support, although big debate inevitable. Great idea for Thatcher "presidential" library. Important to support commemoration of great PM before EU sinks UK. She knew. Margaret Thatcher: symbol of liberty and strength. Changed Britain and the world for the better.  May she rest in peace. Having two days off with some colleagues and family in Australian bush.  Feels like spiritual home.  Peace and rest. 200 + protesters for my speech at IPA  Ok Bet mainly rich kids nothing better to do.  Reminds me of self 60 years ago! So what"s new? After 3 fascinating days in newly optimistic Japan, great 24 hours in  expanding  Darwin, more work in Melbourne and Sydney, speeches, etc Typo! James Thanks to the team of Fox Sports Japan for showing me the studio last night: Great visit to Fox Sports last night on their first live broadcast of a baseball game.  Won by SoftBank Hawks, owned by friend Masa Son. Attention David Cameron! Both Japanese and S Korean prime ministers claiming M. Thatcher as model with high public approval ratings. Chinese social media emerging as a force for change, seemingly without any pushback from government. Numbers just huge. After hard day of meetings, great tour of magnificent and huge Forbidden City.  Full of  priceless treasures. Emperors sure lived well. Real change coming in China over time, but just beginning. Don't spect big declarations, nonetheless real. Beijing 2013. Spirit of innovation everywhere. Big hopes for popular new president Xi. We shall see. Huge issues to tackle. Oz media censorship beaten back.  UK holy mess with Internet unworkably included.  Cameron showing true colors shocking many supporters. UK Royal Charter requires Queen's signature.   Unlikely without full all party support. Queen doesn't do politics. Story of wsj allegiing Chinese bribery 100 per cent wrong.  Never a penny! Attacks everywhere on Pope Francis misguided.  Jesuits were seriously split, but no evidence of being complicit in any persecutions. Strength to humble Pope Francis.   All US cardinals voted for him in every ballot!  Faces tough,tough job.  Will be great leader. ME getting uglier by he day.  Iran upping supplies of missiles thru Syria to Hezbollah to attack Israel, while Egypt close to food riots. Kids enjoyed screening of new Dreamworks movie, the Croods. Agree, of course proper legal framework needed. But stagnation leads to rich getting richer, poor getting poorer. See U.S. History teaches nations with too many laws, endless regulations, just can not grow or generate enough jobs. Boris Johnson, Michael Gove, few excellent, frustrated ministers. Farage reflecting  opinion. Florence mayor Renzi brilliant young Italian. Stagnant Europe wracked by discontent and resentment of EU.  Glad we contributed to UK resisting the Euro over many years. Few days in UK, Italy. Politics both places very fluid, economies going nowhere. New leaders emerging on distant horizon. I have nothing to do with  SMH, never have! What is. 2.4 per cent cut, when spending will still be up?  Any blind man can see far more wasteful govt expenditure than that . Many levels POTUS still popular, but job approval going down into the forties. People sick of false scares. Let dept heads decide cost cuts they know are easy and relatively painless.  Politicians just dictate totals, stop log rolling. QE, or money printing in massive scale, causing speculative inflation in oil and other commodities, all hurting recovery, negating intention In California. Small ranchers, businesses, etc state, federal regs making desperate, depressed. Talking Wyoming , even Chile, Australia! Keystone Pipeline not needed for energy independence.   Many opinions, let's discuss. And let's stop wasting money on ridiculous windmills. Is Keystone Pipeline really good idea?  Bringing lots of heavy, dirty oil across country, when fracked ,  cheaper, cleaner energy available Look at this!   Mexico corporate profits equal 24 percent of GDP versus 12 in US. No wonder poor head north for opportunity to prosper. Here they come.  PC hypocrites scream about Sun publishing pic of murder victim in bikini after Huff Post carries 40 of same subject. So Page 3 tweet is breaking news... Typical OTT reaction by the UK PC crew.  Just considering, as we do every page daily Buy it and see..... page three so last century!  You maybe right, don't know but considering. Perhaps halfway house with glamorous fashionistas. How can Hagel be confirmed after testimony showed almost total ignorance of defence issues?  Maybe Obama equally disinterested. Drones okay, but must be used much more sparingly, otherwise every hit a huge recruiter for jihadists. How do liberals explain complaints about Guatemala with silence on drone killing, civilians and all, without arrests, trials, etc? what do I know about hacking?   Nothing until about two years ago.  One newspaper guilty several years ago. Nothing since. buying Richard III's bones.  Did we?  First I heard about it. will sharia law come to US?  No, never, I hope.  But Europe maybe where courts wild. Chinese still hacking us, or were over weekend. Great send off for Ed Koch in NY today.  Really important mayor. Never forget that first campaign coming from way behind. Actually fun, too. re Morgan Poll.  It's just that  Newspoll has infinitely better record of accuracy. uk economic troubles.  Fear you are all too right. Sure spoke too soon.  Seems we have a game! Ravens too good, too big, too fast   Hope next year's game on Fox a lot closer.  Great advts from Jeep tonight. re Elia Kazan's Wild River on blu- ray.  Must get.  Great film and cranky Elia was a personal friend. inflation here.  Just starting with massive Chinese buying of agricultural produce.  Check your supermarket bills! re stimulus. Need real growth in GDP ahead of attacking many wrong- headed and abused entitlement program's. re fiscal stimulus. No! First certainty and clear conditions for business start ups. Big revenue neutral tax reforms essential. Inflation alert, agree with@Soros. Big central banks printing huge sums money, failing to produce jobs or manufacturing. V dangerous times. Amazing UK High Court decision recognising rabbinical divorce law, now Sharia law certain next.  What sort of society, if any, will emerge? At board meeting Harlem Village Academy. 5 great schools doing wonderful things for mostly critically poor kids of mainly single mothers POTUS in Vegas to talk immigration but hasn't reached out to Rubio or Jeb Bush or anyone working to build consensus. Why not? Gerald Scarfe has never reflected the opinions of the Sunday Times. Nevertheless, we owe major apology for grotesque, offensive cartoon. what I have to say about Sunday Times cartoon will not be on Twitter.  Sorry. re Gerald Scarfe.  Yes, but what I may wish to do and can do are different. Remember those undertakings? global warming.  Any tweeters have a sense of humour? When will a  political leader emerge who will expound strongly on the basic morality of free markets and equal opportunity? Many governors, legislators, etc here in DC.  All talking bipartisanship on great issues of education and immigration, except maybe Obama. Let's have petition to keep Piers Morgan in U.S.  We need him, as does CNN. Back in US. What happened to global warming?  London, D.C, New York seem like new ice age!  Rockies too. UK politics fascinating. Cameron flat footed  Milliband with Euro referendum promise, but still faces scepticism in own party. Goal! We won the rights in the UK to show clips of all  380 Premier league matches on the Sun, Times & Sunday Times digital/mobile apps! good immigration reform should be as open and generous as politically and economically possible. That's where I start the debate. Rubio proposal just.   Right on! Hopeful good bipartisan immigration reform coming from Senate. Will precede any Obama political initiative. Did not mean to be  unsympathetic to 400 lb lady, but fact remains unhealthy eating by rich and poor driving up premiums for all. Constitution right about guns for self defence and hunting.  Founders did not mean modern weapons of war. How did fat lady who fell thru street get to 400 lbs?  Welfare, stamps, etc?  Then leave us all with 20yrs immense health bills. Hopefully we'll get some real actions on guns tomorrow, not just some stage managed stunt. This is federal imperative, not for states. @ piers Morgan.  Glad we sorted out your problem. Welcome to the world's greatest Sunday paper. CES confirms America still the land of innovation and entrepreneurship. CES shows this  a time of immense change with every company at risk, but equally great opportunity. At CES getting many brilliant presentations. So far most fun Buzzfeed Enjoying reading Nicolas Berggruen's Intelligent Governance for the 21 st Century.  Heavy going, but sweeping views, if too optimistic. Read Matt Ridley in yesterday's WSJ. fossil fuels finite.  US has enough gas to be energy independent for centuries.   Cheap too. renewable energy.  I should have said uneconomic  and therefore wasteful, some more than others. World growing greener with increased carbon.  Thirty years of satellite evidence.   Forests growing faster and thicker. Why not switch from useless renewable energy investments to real job creating infrastructure projects.   Many great possibilities waiting. Biden- McConnell deal will not help economy, jobs or deficit. Only immigration, education,innovation, entitlement reform can get thru this. Fiscal cliff likely avoided with big victory for Obama.   Please him, but won't fix economy. Next crisis coming later runaway  inflation. Fox News and guns.  We're all on the same page about automatic weapons. Sky broadband complaint.   Sounds bad and will pass on your disappointment. 5 days to fiscal cliff Will Obama negotiate or just wait and blame Republicans for consequences?  Dangerous games. Just saw Zero Dark Thirty.  Gripping film but could inflame Arab world. Coming debate on torture should include all sides, but won't. education.  Yes, investing heavily.  Most US public education steadily down grading country in competitive world. No!  Single shot hunting rifles, skeet shooting shot guns,etc ok if certificated and numbered by police NY Xmas ruined by lunatic shooting 4 firemen,killing two. Shooter killed before, jailed, later released on medical grounds. Must wake up. Happy Christmas to all.  Enjoy! True. If British police can frame and destroy a Cabinet minister, what chance an ordinary citizen? Then cops do inquiry into cops. Obama handing over gun issue management to Biden. Now Xmas and danger all anger will subside  and fade until next horror. $55mil political donation.  Not mine, not one penny! Pls stop idiot fiction. Nice words from POTUS on shooting tragedy, but how about some bold leadership action? Cheaper and cheaper US$ causing world inflation and currency wars as many industries become uncompetitive & layoff workers. Terrible news today. When will politicians find courage to ban automatic weapons?  As in Oz after similar tragedy. Back to basics. Sorting world's best merino wool, cooling ewe for summer. 85% goes to China. European market slides. 7 day Times okay if all retained.  Agreed, but all editors make some changes over the years. Don't expect revolution. Bloomberg may buy FT but likes New York Times too. Both small change for him and new challenge after 12 years great public service. Great visit with the editors in Melbourne today.  Terrific professionals.@ No, 103 yo!  There are limits! Many thanks for condolences about my Mum. A great lady, wife. mother and citizen.   193 yo, but still a blow. Congratulations to Robert Thomson, incoming CEO of our publishing company. A special leader and great friend. Also an Aussie! Relief!   I can now talk about what has been full- time effort two weeks. Central NY choked with traffic and tourists, bars and restaurants over flowing.  In spite of drab weather. Evening with some of world's top docs completed great day! FasterCures, accelerating medical solutions by organizing the sharing of university,company and govt efforts getting amazing results. Driving thru California Central Valley - add Silicon Valley and Hollywood   How can such a place be broke? James' promotion,   Yes more tests and exams than anyone, so stop fantasizing. Nepotism!  My kids have worked their backsides off, and continue to. Hard work develops brains.  See Coyle. Australian cover-up.  What the hell are you all talking about? Great reading. The Talent Code, by Daniel Coyle. Forget genes!  Greatness isn't born, it's grown - the hard way. Life of PI masterpiece movie released last night. All at Fox rightly proud. Congrats to Liz Gabler and great director Ang Lee. Also great day to give Thanks for loving family, great colleagues, loyal friends, amazing 103 y.o. Mum still fighting for happy life. Thanksgiving Day great for all Americans. Still the greatest for charity, innovation, opportunity and much more to perfect. Sanctions on Iran working with economy near collapse and govt increasingly unpopular. Things in right direction at moment. M.E.deal great news. Israeli restraint amazing. Makes Netahanyu wildly popular at home.  Pray Iran stops trouble. Obama making excellent statements on Israeli situation, but if they don't deter Hamas and Iran more than words will be needed. Getting ugly. LNG halves carbon emissions. So stop wasting billions on windmills now!  On climate change, China is the whole game. ",Jewish owned press" have been sternly criticised, suggesting link to Jewish reporters.  Don't see this, but apologise unreservedly. Obama right to visit    Should have added two days for Indonesia.  Great potential ally, but needs attention. NY state, as broke as California, or worse, still frustrating any effort to develop huge oil and gas opportunity for jobs,fortune. Explain. Why is Cameron cheering Obama victory?  US attention now on Pacific,  rightly. Atlantic weakened, and O does not like delusional Brits.. Why Is Jewish owned press so consistently anti- Israel in every crisis? Lincoln film magnificent .  Acting and directing best n world.  Proud to be associated, even modestly. Can't Obama stop his friends in Egypt shelling Israel? Middle East ready to boil over any day. Israel position precarious. Meanwhile watch CNN and AP bias to point of embarrassment. Looking forward to seeing Lincoln film , which we partnered with Disney.  Reviews pretty fantastic.  Screening tomorrow. Petraeus evidence confirmed all suspicions.  This story will run and run Big majority economists all convinced 3 percent taxes on high earners, plus nearly 4 per cent health, many state lifts, etc mean no growth. 20 top business guys, not Wall Street, had two hour session with Obama, Lew, Jarrett, Geitner, etc. all spoke strongly but still pessimistic Majority of business leaders, big and small, now convinced Obama will take us over fiscal cliff.  I hope O just negotiating. Obama looking confident, presidential, even if not totally frank about number of issues.  He won, and sure knows it! No doubt Obama will insist on 3 per cent tax rise.  Will have to give Republicans real offsets to avoid fiscal cliff.  Likely outcome! BBC mess gives Cameron great opportunity to reshape and improve. And listen to non LibDem cabinet colleagues. BBC mess gives Cameron golden opportunity properly reorganize great public broadcaster. Fast inquiry to Include both critics and supporters. .@vbma22 Petraeus.  Yes, of course.  But should not be forgotten for great service Benghazi hearings next week without two principals - Hillary and Petraeus.  Hillary deserves break, but next week in Australia? Petraeus tragedy.  Probably greatest general since Patton, or even earlier. Now BBC will probably split editor-in- chief and Director General jobs.Would be much better. Guess FT Hislop real sleeper candidate. 2012-2016 changes. Iran gets bomb, china begins major reforms, US crash as bond market revolts, N Africa explodes, etc. What next? Right!   Newsnight did not specifically give name.  Left to twitter. Editor- in- chief apologises and pleads total ignorance.  Press having field day! What are editors for? BBC getting into deeper mess.   After Savile scandal, now prominent news program falsely names senior pol as paedophile. Petraeus affair has not been a secret for months.  Must be more to story. Petraeus will deny any mystery.  Still certain was induced to prevent embarrassing evidence at next weeks's hearings.   not idle speculation Petraeus resignation.   Timing, everything suspicious.  There has to be more to this story. Hillary to spend most of next week in Australia, while O hides Iran attack on drone until after election.  What next? Election comment.  Republicans have to ignore 5 per cent nativists, embrace hispanics, welcome best Asian and European graduates. .@PAforClive That is why we have more than twice as many readers! Must have sweeping, generous immigration reform,make existing law- abiding Hispanics welcome. Most are hard working family people. Well, we are where we are.  Same dangers ahead-  Iran, fiscal cliff, inflation, maybe unmanageable debt, etc. Country 50-50, must compromise Amusing fuss over NYT public editor.  We see all two million daily subscribers as our very public editors. Everybody searching for any scrap of news about election tomorrow.plenty of straws to grasp for Romney, probably not enough. Could not care less about Bush tax cuts.  Issue is size of government. Contradictory evidence from all over.  Impossible for any sensible person to make confident prediction. O's " vote for revenge" bad . Seems slight edge to Obama, but Romney seeing small late surge. Many state polls look unreliable. What happens if Tuesday result gives us status quo?  Congress refuses  tax increases, Obama refuses entitlement cuts. Fiscal Cliff real? Ignore last tweet.  Sorry.  Petraeus has NOT taken fall for O. Benghazi scandal.   Look who has taken fall for O.   America's finest non- political public servant:  CIA chief David Petraeus. .@kingswing72 Christie changed mind on election.  Has he? .@Mykuhl broader access to the media.  Yes, thank two major factors: the First Amendment and now the Internet, open to all. Cf. Europe. .   re civil discourse.  Study history. Has much changed? Christie doing fabulous job for state, but he was first Republican gov to support Romney, and has worked tirelessly for him Help to remind. Just look at European welfare state and broken countries.  Some want US to follow, others not.  Why can't we debate civilly? . UK politics.  Have supported Labor for more years than Conservatives. Not member of any party here or there. Christie and Bloomberg both doing great work. Can't blame Christie for being on front page of every paper palling up withO, but misleading. Monolithic media will spend next three days pushing Obama, but final outcome far from certain.  Early voting patterns look very different. Here is the link for Summly app Beautiful new news app, Summly, launched to days ago, already no I in news apps worldwide Thanks Bloomberg right decision.@Now Christie, while thanking O, must  re- declare for Romney, or take blame for next four dire years. Congrats toAlan Murray on his new role at Pew.  He's a great journalist and colleague, and will be missed by us all. People in/around NY hurting badly. Bloomberg wrong. Power diverted from freezing homes to marathon. On top of endorsing Obama! .@Tetburyboy Bloomberg endorsement useless in swing states. Who cares in Ohio, etc?  NYalways a lock for Dems. Mixed opinions about electoral effect of Sandy. I think big help to Obama.  Now Romney must get attention with big visionary speech 

plans .@TheRealJlatt Students wsj Discount information here Offshore $$.   I have none, repeat none. So please quit ignorant abuse. twitter better.  Okay, learning slowly! ..@BUDDIEE18 Mayor is hundred times as rich and hundred times as generous. .  Yes, but will check. .   I am only the sucker who owns The Times! Newscorp giving $1million  to help families in NY and NJ badly hurt by Sandy.   Hope other companies will do same. Thanks. Penguin head quarters to shift from exciting London to err Gutersloh, not far from Harsewinkel. ..@jonhousman   is open free all day today and until full service back. -  hopefully tomorrow.   Thanks. Apologies to all WSJ readers who missed deliveries today.  All tried hard, but Sandy too strong. No, not bitter.  Heard of deal last Thursday night.  Position will take months to resolve, we may or may not offer. Love books Bertelsmann- Penguin faux merger disaster. Two publishers trying to contract while saying opposite. Let's hear from authors and agents! Benghazi scandal, lies, concerning masses, but Romney right to stick to economy for last few days.   Public smarter than WH thinks. .@JonathanFlora whole story fabricated.  Read all court records and decisions.  Fin Review normally okay, but lost mind . .@Alex_Stephenson Tide Is part of weather.  Read! . Exactly. .@AtheneChristou for the last time.  Tell me thes alleged secrets. Full moon tonite will intensify storm.  East Coast understandably obsessed. toppling builder's crane 100 floors above Carnegie Hall making all nervous. Real storm and wind yet to come. Pray okay. toppling building crane hundred floors above street making everybody nervous.   Real wind and storm yet to start.  Pray ok. Gallup still has Romney five points in front, others much less.seven more days of suspense.  Personally expect low turn out. Today. Is anniversary of Steve Jobs' death.  We miss him, always will. Benghazi debate still hot.  Most interesting is Obama still refusing use words " Muslim terrorism". After 4 years, now this. New York, New Jersey shutting down for Sandy.  Eerie feeling, but kids getting ready to celebrate no school. .@BrigidDoyle2 What cover up?  Nothing to cover up anywhere.   Please disprove or shut up. BBC scandal growing ever bigger.   What will happen?   Almost nothing, I bet.  Just noise for a while. Wen story today obviously helped by enemies, but who is clean? Probably some old timers, but whole society must be boiling. Great NYT story from China today.   When do masses explode? Romney looking better and better while Obama seems devoid of anything new. May try October surprise, bomb someplace!  Remember Clinton? Most of this week with Dow Jones team.   Exciting things coming soon. sure, but I haven't improved much!  Good luck. Rupert With elder son Lachlan in Australia last month. Never be surprised by C Black's language.  Oz PM Keating called him a " f------ walking thesaurus".Despite faults, very gutsy to fight. .    Saddened.  Conrad was first class publisher of Telegraph, but tricked in dodgy stuff in Canada by bad partner. .@Zohaib_Sa If you have an iPad you can get it in full anywhere in the world. .@hallcam yes. Not a good system which we striving to change over next year. .@TheAndrewMcCrea Don't tell me you miss the Fin Review! .@shaldore I do too,but still love the tactile experience.  Maybe age! . Your dog has good taste.  Hope you share it! .@esbarr_ thanks.  If you don't hear from customer service in 24 hours tweet me again. ..@esbarr_ Yes. Where are you? What right do public figures have for privacy after parading their families everywhere to get votes?  Public has rights too. huge, and rightly so. .   Ever heard of Brit libel laws?  Protect people like saville? So apologizing for America did not impress!  Surprise.  Look at whole Middle East, listen to Putin, etc We are hated, despised or a joke. So Security had drone over Benghazi throughout attack.   When will Obama come clean.  Either lying or incompetent or too busy campaigning. .@RfRobby haven't you heard of the Internet?  No one controls the media or will ever again. .@Ian56789 You must be world's champion conspiracy theorist! .@Cadoret Who says we backed Cameron, or anyone in particular? Fascinating changes in China emerging.  Seems Shanghai forces coming back in ascendancy after ten dull years.  Slowly progressives
come back Amazing Australians so into meaningless prestige.  Thought better. Investors, pension funds keep putting vast sums into Treasuries.  No hope of getting back full value.  Printing presses guarantee inflation. Look out!  European countries all reported Sept cliff, also China sudden slowing.   Who next?  Unlikely just a blip. Romney started campaign dreadfully, almost asleep.  Now Obama campaign  trivial, not facing fact this is referendum  No plan for next term. Hard to believe Gallup's seven per cent to O today.  Would mean amazing sweep.  Next seven days, especially last debate, crucial. Maybe Rahm Emanuel will make great mayor of this city. Real sob, just what needed to face great challenges. Big deal!  Australia gets temporary non- veto seat on Security Council.  Cost big fortune in foreign aid all over the place No Aussies care In Windy City, Chicago.  What a truly great metropolis.  Great challenges, but great people. Hugh Grant states that he is deeply involved in his daughter's life - I accept that,regret tweet on the matter. Apologies  to both parents. I did not say all celebrities were scumbags.   Check my tweet. And apology to any who misunderstood. Typical ABC in Oz.  alleged I called hacking victims "scumbags.  Direct lie.  Major correction and apology please. .@glenferguson51 Right.  Dodd-Frank protects big banks. Last four years.  Rich have got richer, poor poorer.  So much for "hope and change" .  What planned changes for next 4 from O? Libya, defense, foreign policy all big issues, but pale alongside jobs and good opportunities.  In fact, dependent on this. Romney plan to dig out of dept thru growth and education only way. Country needs reopening with drastic cuts in regulations to allow small business get started.  Big can look after self.  One recovery path. Americans yearning for good secure personal futures with opportunities for improved lives.  Continued unemployment. No plan from Obama. O much livier this time, but could not promise any  better four years than last.   Surely the only big issue. O way aloof from executive role. Eg, has not met Energy Sec for many months, nor top legislative leadership group this year. What gives? sure, I've been called a lot worse. .@DesHoughton you bet!  Life of Pi coming soon, already heralded as a classic.  Let's hope. Masa Son's huge, bold bid for Sprint. Real gutsy. Loves big even dangerous challenges.  AT&T and Verizon in for battle. Huge problems ahead while finance bigwigs fight and Bernanke keeps printing dollars like mad.  Talk about inviting inflation! Back in LA. fantastic weather. No wonder people love it here. Extreme inequality bad, and worse over last 4 years. Close tax rackets ((eg carried interest) and improve opportunity for all with schools. Saville- BBC story long way to run.  BBC far the biggest, most powerful organization in UK. I never referred to any particular people, just some " dodgy" self promoting celebrities.  Repeat apology for language. Libel laws prevented doing our job. Do not like much about equity finance business, but that is not the issue right now. Thanks.  Likes of Saville further protected if we don't fight Cameron, dodgy celebrities in UK. Could not happen in US. That would be a great acquisition! Yes, but not for public people who sell their names. never a secret meeting with any Prime Minister, as records show fully. If true, shows absurdity of British libel laws.  No transparency allowed there. " trust the toffs" means trust them to look after themselves ahead of all else! Can't comment.  Everything sub judice, but truth will come out one day in distant future. Yes.  Transparency  essential any democracy. Only available in USA. Most open country in world. Sorry, you are right. Sometimes too angry. Except for Fannie and Fred - and blind Fed printing money and not watching banks. Next crisis inflation. where is " hope and change" after four years of O? not referring to these ladies. Great day in Afghanistan. First football grand final founded by friend Saad Mohseni. Very popular. Taliban promised stay away. Go Saad! Did not mean China in real crisis, at least yet.  But big problems.  Bet  Xi will be very different, move slowly to improve many things. They don't get arrested for indecency on major LA highways! Or abandon love child's. Told UK's Cameron receiving scumbag celebrities pushing for even more privacy laws.  Trust the toffs!  Transparency under attack. Bad. Right.  It's a huge challenge to interest all ages. Maybe right.  Is Bashar al Assad for real?  actually NO! No way!  Last thing they need is corporate sponsorship Who's heard of VICE media? Wild, interesting effort to interest millenials who don't read or watch established media.  Global success. Obama has dozens of expert buyers, Romney just one! And paying higher prices. China in crisis. Massive public anger at corruption.  Maybe change on way.  Nobody can make confident predictions. Stop murdering your people, then tweet. Yes!  Big issues, gigantic, for whole world.  Hot spots everywhere.  Middle East afire, Russian kleptocrats flexing, Europe broke. Much bs about green energy.  Answer easy: we have 100 years natural gas, total self sufficiency, half carbon emission. Why wait?  Nightmare for Israel if Obama wins.  Biden outright lied about personal relations with Bibi. Susan Rice for State real nightmare. Next debate Romney needs to ignore personal attacks and pivot to plans for millions of jobs and real opportunity for all. Only that matters. White House still lying about Benghazi.  HAD to know truth, or is whole admin a shambles? Biden threw CIA under bus, now WH throws State! At moment election looks like coming down to Ohio. Huge spending by both sides, but Obama tv buying operation infinitely smarter. CNN for one! CNN for one. Early polls show narrow win for Ryan.  Unimportant - will be forgotten in face of two big presidential debates coming next fortnight. Whatever he missed, Ryan's made great closing remarks, against Biden who had to look down and read second rate stuff. Biden clearly dissembled about the Benghazi scandal, not to mention a few other big things.  Ryan too polite to interrupt and score points. possibly, even accidentally.  But the interesting ones are the parties' own deep state by state polls that tell the story. Pollsters for both parties agree never before seen such a sudden shift in voters' opinions.   But will it last or go further?  Too early. shareholders showing nearly fifty per cent profits since last meeting. Busy preparing for next week's company AGM.   Signs pretty peaceful, but any shareholders with complaints should take profits and sell! New tv season shows huge growth in dvr use, with viewers doing all their own scheduling, except for live sports. Giving networks fits. After years of hard work by Wendi and others, beautiful Art.sy web site launched. Greatest database of contemporary art freely available. Close race in CT.  $$ flowing in - Chris Dodd told me more than all 5 of his!  All local stations in most markets can't believe luck. All holding breath for new debates. Great excitement all over. Meanwhile off to Yankee Stadium for hopefully great game. British libel laws limit freedom of expression everywhere.  Hope Cameron keeps his promise of  major reform, but not holding breath. Who knows which polls are right?  But they certainly point to a real contest of visions for America. Like to hear more about education. Woe!  Pew Research has Romney up 4 points with likely voters. Wonder how big a sample. Yes, but expensive!  Greatest experience for kids. Look to new CEO to shake up NYT unless recalled to BBC to explain latest scandal. Boring Sunday morning.  Practically nothing in NYT, predicable nearly unreadable Review section - even unintelligible Maureen Dowd. So much for critics!   Taken2 took $50 million over weekend, more international.  Congratulations Fox team. Instant polls show Romney just ahead in Ohio and Florida. But well within margin of error, and Obama will be different man next two debates Edication2  US must give heavy push to higher STEM courses, or China, etc, will own the future. Also green cards to best foreign students. Interesting skirmishes on education. Obama has done some good, but not enough. Pandering to all students with money wrong. Surprise!  Romney better than strongest supporters hoped for.  Aced Obama.  All polls narrowed last few days. This may be turning point. polls on Fox agree with you.  Obviously you don't watch.  No big deal. I think you are right.  People disappointed and tuned out on both sides. Beverly  Hills, other burbs, very different to 2008 when smothered in Obama bumper stickers, now hard to find. Thank you for all the nice comments and support for my mother. Agreed, but read it weeks ago. Thanks. Great son who makes me proud. No way! That's my bet, but would be bad news for LNP. Heading back to US after 2 weeks in Oz, largely just visiting 103 yo Mom after bad fall. Very depressing, but hoping and praying. Hooray for Melbourne Storm, coach Craig Bellamy,  and whole team for mighty win.  Also Sydney Swans for great footy result. Stopped by the Melbourne Storm today to wish them good luck in the Grand Final on Sunday Back in the beautiful land of Oz, especially Riverina. Dusk hike saw hundreds of kangaroos, two wombats, two foxes,two echidnas, great birds As Clinton said, three million jobs available, no skilled to fill.  Three cheers for Rahm Emanuel standing up in Chicago. Election: To win Romney must open big tent to sympathetic  families.  Stop fearing far right which has nowhere else to go. Otherwise no hope Election: Romney must draw clear line: offer specific  path to restore American dream versus ugly Obama class war with jobs disappearing. Retrospect; Conventions mixed but net big win for democrats. Michelle O and Clinton the big stars. Bill brilliant, Hillary away  until 016. Saw months ago, but this is first public display. None to either! Diane Von Furstenberg fashion show today.   Glasses will be very expensive, but wait for even greater improvements. You will be very under educated! Agree, Republicans should promise to abolish all tax deductions and loopholes.   Hurt some hard, but huge gains for great majority Genius! Sergey Brin showing revolutionary new glasses at DVF, can take photos, receive texts, give directions, and more. Google Project X. Overheard Dasha Zhukova’s new online radio show. Quite a hilarious take on fashion. US jobs data terrible.   Add European slide, Brazil and Australian sharp slowdowns. Things look very shaky - and bad for Obama. Media agrees Cameron's UK cabinet reshuffle first class and probably secures his position for full term.  Previous ditherer- in-chief looks better. Right.   Delighted public now as interested in Olympic heroes as scumbag celebrities. Bernanke speech pretty disappointing, showing economy still very slow.  Now Brazil suddenly joining sick list. Utterly brilliant speech by Paul Ryan. Leaders like him needed in many countries today. Just saw 2016.  Truly scary if no answer.  Every voter should see and decide for self what future they want for America. Not necessarily.  Plenty of room for competition. Price matter of opinion, and hope and faith! Of course not.  Let everything be transparent - way to freedom. right on! Facebook difficulty monetizing to justify market cap, especially with swing to mobile. Apple giant deservedly, Google great and respected, but Amazon seen doing everything right.  All three very aggressive. Good one for Piers! Very good question.  Not corrupted, but plain blind. No, by technology. Radio, television now Internet.  Long process, and you are only talking about print on paper. Maybe, in fact probably right. But branded news organizations with great journalism wii thrive on all digital devices. compare US and UK. Simple equation:  free, open uncontrollable Internet versus   shackled newspapers equals no newspapers. Let's get real. Only lesson for Prince Harry:  avoid playmates with cameras! No contact with Neil Wallis. Decision as rightly that of the editor, and I support. I was in Silicon Valley far removed. 